I I I guess, I guess you could really come do something like, hey, Buddy, you can't even leave the crib. Hey. I worry about... I'm not talking about. I need to rob you. I have enough money. You're just living a failed society. You have to be careful. Fair wait, Andrew, They're saying is is your camera guy in the room or your... You your microphone is if it needs to connect to the right microphone. You're using another one. Are you sure. It's not coming out of the one in your mouth. I'm that's not sure. I think it's that one. We can try this one. Is that any better? Yes. It is, sir. Yes. It is. Perfect. I don't know how many of this shit works. I'm an old man. I'm not, you know, I know you're are. You're very you're ear old man. Yeah. Yeah. You are. How how what what would you interest in do for for his birthday? Well, it was actually really interesting. We decided to stay in? I know that's unusual, but we thought fuck it. We'll just stay in the house this time. You know, unusual. Yeah. Yep. Yep. So you guys just hung out? Yeah. We've stayed in the house and smoke cigarettes trained. Cigarette. Basically, the same thing we've be doing every day. You, cigarettes? You take drugs aiden. I stop. You're You're not putting at me for smoking. You literally take drugs. I'm I'm clean. I'm clean. I'm literally sober. Okay? Sober great. And I totally wrote. I told you we're gonna do this stream today, and I'm gonna redeem myself for everything that I've done the past that's wrong. So I told you I wanna redeem myself. I wanna donate it I wanna Wanna be a man of you dude, go back to regular Camera wants a look at you on this close bro. That's you. By the way, because he's wearing in the D shirt. You saw the D. Right? You know what D is. What's the? You didn't see when vice news start to come get second interview at me. You never watched that. Not the second one. No. What's the end? Oh, I do know what D g means? I do know what it means? It's dumb and and gay. Right? No. You are those things, but that's not what it means. Did you did you watch the second vice part. Jordan geek. A torque geek, a dark and geek. I did my own vice documentary after they did their hit piece on me. Did do you want? Oh, your mic again, you dump fuck. Do your mic. Let me do my mic to say? Fucking the mic is the same Mike. No. It's it's it's switched again. It's switched again. How could it switch? Because I... You pressed a button or something. It's not coming out of this one. It's coming out of the other one. I didn't push any button. You're lying to me. Here tap the mic or tap it like this. See it's not coming out of there. I promise I would lie you I promise you. Just try switching that one. It's that one now. Mh. How about this? Because I'm a genius. We're gonna do this. Problem soul? Now grab both like this. Nice try. Aiden in nice try. Pick you're smart. Don't... Yeah. This is why I want dane on the show I was interested in talking about him in hosting you and I have an a cage fight. Okay. He's listen We'll make it happen. I told you what happened the fucking time fucked up. Like hey. Excuse me, if we thought you realize it, I would actually win if you give me some type of, like, mercy rule. Like what? You can only have one hand. I swear gotta fuck you up. I'll make you tap out. We can. With one hand, I would absolutely destroy you. I don't think you would. You have one hand. Hayden then. You're you're you're p aiden and I'm the top g. How are you gonna win? What are what are you gonna do? Are you gonna punch me in the face, Aid? Is that what you're gonna do? With those arms? Would that do those muscles You're gonna attack me with those muscles and beat me. Yeah. No. You're gonna... You're gonna do nothing. It's like saying to a lion if the rabbit. If you say the lion, you'll use one claw, the rabbit will win. The rabbit came even hurt to lion. It's just gonna stand there until it dies. What are you do to me? Tell me what you to do? Do you gonna punch me and kick me. I'm gonna you wanna demonstrate? Yeah. Alright. This is you. Right here. Yeah. That's you. You ready? I'm ready, Aidan. Hey. You bald prison. What's all that shit she was talking? It's amazing how you manage to reach new levels of disappointing me nearly every time I speak to you. Like you managed to increase the level of what You I'm I think he can't disappoint me anymore, and then you come along with something brand new. It's caught impressive. Why can't I just make jokes with you bro. Hey. To be told, I quit jokes. I'm sorry we're looking about a right a reasonable hour now, brother, I'm making changes in my life for the better and watch how won't watch by the end of twenty twenty twenty twenty three when you actually see me the way I you were supposed to see me? You're like, wow. And you know what? You'll be happy. You don't really understand, like, drugs there's is a big problem in the world, and I'm gonna get over it. And I'm out... I'm clean. I've heard all this shit from you before Aiden. I'm no longer emotionally invested. I don't give a fuck if you end up homeless on the street fentanyl attic, injecting yourself with whatever poison you decide you need on that day. Completely uni interested. Don't even text me. I don't care. I've tried long enough. With you. And for some reason, you keep getting dragged back down to d generation. So I'm no longer emotionally interested in your life path. I don't give a shit with you become the most famous man in the world, which of course, won't happen because that is me or a drug riddled piece of shit. Somewhere on the street in La, still talking about the time you used to have a streaming career. Either way makes absolutely no difference to me. I do not care. Can I please redeem myself to you like, How do Do it, Bro? William, I'm gonna fuck you? I'm gonna fly there? You wanna camp outside? The fuck number do you wanna donate a lot of money? Do you want wanna fucking suffer. Do you want wanna fucking delete my check? What do want wanna me be your bro? I will do... What do what do want, Bro? Well, I didn't wanna fight... I did wanna fight you in the U, and I'm happy to agree to your one arm rule. I would actually agree for that role. That's no problem. Me answer your question, if I would give you a respectful fight in that ring with one on? Will you actually respect me as I'm in? Yes sir or no. If I give you a respectful fight. If I fight you and you're like, alright. If you put him a good fight. Would you respect me? I... You would gain some honor back yes. That is one way you could do it. You could gain some on rack for sure. Beautiful. Alright. Good. Good. And what are we doing this? Because I'm down do in twenty twenty four. I'll be good by them, bro. Twenty twenty fucking four They're gonna put a bullet in my head before twenty twenty four. I about fucking matrix running out of time. Can you not say shit like that, though, dude? Why? Can you not? Because Bro, you know what? I want a bullet to be in your head. Okay? I don't want that. You care about me Aiden? You know I care about you? I'm I your friend? Yes. Of course. Am I your best friend? I mean, I think so. Or, am I your best friend? No. Don't fucking answer the question with a question on I'm my professional. I asked you the question first. Am I your best friend? Yes or no? Mh. I don't believe you. I think you're lying. I'm not line. You're my best friend... Friend, Who's your best friend who which friend do you consider more viable than me? Mh I well, I have a friend named Neon. I wanted you to leave it to me. Who? My friend named Neon. I wanted you to meet see Who Me? Who the fuck is that? Me on? Neon. If you put you? Is he conquering the world? Does he have the most watched television interview in history? Who is this that? What do you do? That's that. Dude Yeah No big deal. No big deal. Most famous man alive. Who the fuck is me on? Well, pretty much, she's my friend, and he somebody Associate myself with. This sounds super gay. What what. Be. Can I say one thing? You associate yourself with me on? Carry on, but don't make this sound gay. Okay. So you've associate yourself with me on? How do you know this person? Where did you meet them? I was playing Nba with him. Nba two k, the video game. Okay. In real life were, like, online. Online. Online, of course. We were just playing a little pickup game. You what I? We made our new characters. We hopped in the virtual park. We started playing one, like a hundred game win you could pay. I think thirteen fourteen hours straight. It was hard worked over. You know, yeah. We got win a hundred games in a row together. Crazy. I I don't know this guy, So I don't wanna insult him. He might be an alright guy, but I can insult you. Can Can I add him in real quick and you can beat him? Just very quick. And if you get a feel him. You know, one thing you guys do have a comment. He's he's Muslim. He goes you go. He goes the mask. Yeah Yeah. Yeah. Let me add him in here. We get them in the call in real. Tell I'm gonna join. One second here. Also, I was looking at your your Twitter profile. Why does it have your pronouns x e x I m in her bio, and It says here that you're Democrat vegan and biden in twenty twenty four with a gay flag. What's wrong with that. I mean, I just don't fuck with that. Any of that should brother. Whoa Whoa. Whoa, whoa. Why didn't I'll talk to a racist. Tell me why you don't find any of those things. Listen. What's wrong with supporting the president? He's a not the United States. It's horrible. Why? Joe Biden is a fraud, and you know this. Listen. I know you're trying to suck up now to get off president arrest. Listen bro our house arrest. Can you just trust me? It's okay. Trump twenty twenty four. Trump twenty... Make them mayor great again. Right? You sound like a big. And I want you to call me by my correct pronouns. What him. Fuck no. You're a he, You're a guy. No. I'm a z him. You are not a z him. You're a guy. You're he him. You're a big. Aid. I want everyone to know. I... Him all the allies of the Lgbt community. I want you all to cancel Aiden Ross because he refuses to call me by my correct pronouns. He's calling me by my dead name or my dead pronouns. I think that's the thing because he doesn't respect the fact that him told me by the wrong pronouns is effectively violence, and I feel attacked, and I'm upset. So what you're doing. You believe that pronouns should be taught in schools. You believe that people shouldn't have different pro. Hundred percent we should teach you in school, all the history, all the math, get that out of the window. We have to be busy with thirty different kids in into class, calling them thirty different pronouns. I'm gonna to remember that and teach that all day long because that's more important. That's how America stays the most important country in the world. That's what matters. Aidan. And if you don't support Joe Biden, you're a racist. What are you fucking clone? Bro. What are you doing? Bro? No. No. Put that shit down? No. I'm not gonna bring you was an X. What the fuck even is that? Dude? You know what it is. And why do you Believe you you. Paint your fingernails right now. I believe you. Paint your fingernails right now. Paint your fucking fingernails right now. Pay them. Are you... Are you saying anyone who paints their fingernails his gay? How what you're saying? Yes. Well, I'll let the chat do the rest of the work on that one? Why are you trying to bring me down with you in this little hole of mirrors? Why Just saying you're calling people gay? Like it's an insult. Why would you call from a gay if it's an insult? Why you insult people. There's nothing wrong with being gay at all. I don't use as an insult. When I'm playing call dude not get Madison and Honest so fucking gay, damn. I have no problem with that, Bro. I have no problem. I just don't like, force agendas being put onto to people. Think Everyone you able to think and believe what they wanna say... What they wanna believe more what they wanna think. Well, you said that not me because I think that the government should decide exactly what we think and what we should say, and I believe that you should call me z z, otherwise you're violent. Long. So where's your little fucking friend? Come on. He said I'm changing right now. I was just got of the shower, tell Andrew a couple minutes. Two minutes. Are you said it's up to Jake Paul. I heard doing Jake Paul, you guys have met up before? Better than about. I've met, jake. I know Jake. I have nothing against Jake. Sure. We'll talk to Jake. Why not. Do you like Logan or no? I've never spoken to Logan? It's hard for me to say I dislike somebody. Gotcha. Because as a master of the seven styles of U don, and especially considering the size of the battles and the monumental achievements, which I undertake and excel out on a daily, There's very little space in my brain for free to dislike anybody. You can tell me names and I can tell you why I think of them, but they don't often cross my mind. Okay. Ever. Ada Ross. Yeah. Ross. They don't often cross my mind if ever. Ever. I mean, I used to think how is aiden now and again, until I never got my letter in jail. And that's when you were permanently. Don't ain't that's shit. I got get crack. Motherfucker. I did write You bro. You know what I get. Hit, Luke. I hit mutual. I tried to get he touch with you. I don't know fuck it. I was in my car Better come media. Stop with this shit bro. All little... Listen you'll be like, you this cold family is the tape, the tape, fan crazy core. They're all my date Bro. Saying, oh, you you fucking... You betrayed our brother. Bro. Please bro. Get them on my eyes. You know I tried to... You know I tried. Tried into our pride. So all my fans are threatening you for not writing to me. Yeah. I got death threat. So funny, bro. Well, that's what you get. Karma, I guess. Andrew, can I have at least that admin twenty twenty in air? Please? Sure. Really? Who do you want? Alright. Chat. About talk the join? I mean, I don't really care. I don't really give a fuck. But I hope the conversation is interesting. I don't wanna talk about anything that's to generate. Those kind of things upset me. Upset my heart and spirit. I'll tell you what? No matter what? This is your shit. You say just say aiden and remove, and I'll remove anyone you want me to. Me see. Okay. My about a jar right now. Who is? Neon? Oh, yeah. Your little mate. Alright. Coming in. So Bro, can I ask you a question? Yes. You know, I just wanna say, you know, I no know I'm gonna knew about this. You know of, like, a year ago as our anniversary we first met. Look at the Youtube video. A year ago. As our anniversary. It's been a years, we've literally been with each. Well well, we wouldn't we've we've been talking. So that was your joke. The whole joke is that you're were gonna try for pretend. We were a couple and do some gay fa shit. Yeah And that was your joke. No. Listen though. Listen. I I was just trying to... Bro. Okay. Russia. It was like a gear going be... This the time packs on bro. It's already even a year. How crazy is that? Yes. Time continues. They march us forward. That is correct. Yeah. How fuck are you a streamer? Is this is this what you talk about? This is your in... This is. People thoughts brain. Is it crazy that a year has passed since a year ago? Let's all talk about that. Like, well, who the fuck listens to you? What do you think that's insightful for interesting ever. That's what you come up with? And then you... You know what? Instead of me just say that. Let me first try and say it in a homosexual way. And then after I say it a homosexual way. Let me just talk about how it's been a year since a year ago. Cool, bro. Whoa Tell me another story. Tell me another super cool story, Aiden. It's also been a month since a month ago. Oh wild. I know. Go ahead and tell me a story. Let me hear. Let me hear your best story. Tell me something insightful and interesting. You just came up to that conclusion. You manage to be is enough to look out into the world as I do and come to very interesting conclusions that people wanna hear because I analyze situations and I come to I look at the information and I draw conclusions that the world is interested in, which is why I have the most famous television interview in history. You came to the conclusion that has been a year since a year ago. Great. That's the beginning. Of your insights. Please continue and tell me more about the world. Tell me something else that makes me think. I got someone that you're actually be proud of me about. A man has never ever been a mars. Where's your friend? He's on the way right now. Let me call one more time. If he doesn't appear in one minute, he's blacklisted from my stream. John. Yes. Oh Alright. Yes. He has Sixty seconds. Joe y. Y'all join, Bro? Alright. He's coming. So fifty seconds. I'm counting in my head, making it up if I go along. I just make up the number. Okay. Forty seconds left. Ty. Mh. Yes. Yes, sir. This is my stream. I run the stream. I decide who's on my stream. Do you run it. You run me as well. I got you, bro. Listen Bro. I wanna redeem myself to, bro. Whatever you need me to do, bro? Hey. If you need some shit down, I got you. Give me a fly somewhere. I got, bro. Yeah? Whatever you want me to do. I got you. Really? Give me a quest to do and I'll complete it by the end of the year. Yes. No. No. No About the end of the. I took about next week. I'll got some stuff I need you do. I'll pay the flights and everything. Okay. Well, No. No. Let's talk about this. You said you got my back. Right? Of cool. I always do. Yes. Yeah. Cool. I need I have. I need you to take a trip to Chili, and then to Buenos aires in Argentina. I need you to go. What the fuck santiago chili. And then put his ares, and I need you to go I need to get something for me. Can you go next week? Will you go for me? Whoa, I No. No. Aiden didn't. This is deadly serious. Oh, by the way, Tell your little friend to fuck off. He took too long? I don't wanna talk to him. He's here. He's here here Yeah. We took. Yeah Listen. Put your camera on? I'm here. Probably here. Hey Do you see him. In the Nick of time. This is my best friend. His name is Mc mikhail. Going. And if my name is Neil. Nice to meet you. Oh, this is I into. Since you got locked up and went to prison. This is my best friend. We we were kindle and we went on a hundred game Winds tu 2k. Were planning for thirteen hours... Video games all the day It was the fun time of my life. Yeah. But, you know what? Gonna say it about video games because I haven't played video games in years. And now because I'm on house arrest, and I'm entering my six month of house arrest. I decided I need to do something to relax my brain instead of just endlessly trained. I decided to start trying to play video games. So what I did is I picked up where I left off because I haven't played games in so long. And I've picked up with Super smash brothers because that's the game I used to play about literally twenty years ago, literally on the first ever n sixty four. Now I've got super smash Brothers ultimate, and I want you to know Aiden, that I would beat the fuck out of you as smash brothers. You won't. Alright I would beat you to a pulp in that game. I promise you wouldn't it. We can put up money. We could play. I don't give a fuck. Hear we're gonna do. Shut up and listen. Here's what we're gonna do. First, first thing gonna to do is see if you were lying to me earlier because you love to lie. You said you'd do something for me. I need you to go to Santiago and Argentina. I want you to go next week, and I will pay for first class flights for you and another person to go along with the hotel, so you can meet somebody who knows me and collect something I need collected. Will you actually go? It is Tuesday new find. Shut up. You fly on Monday. What, is this? Hey, you're not gonna bitch him around, Bro? Yes. I am. Because he lied to me. He said he'd do anything I need him to do. So now he's he's a liar. Why are you gonna do it or all? Love liar. Watch your fucking mouth, Bro. Alright. Hold on a second Walsh. On. I wanna Want you guys mail for you guys. Yep. Yep. We're good a good friend. Do you know who this guy is heard him forward? Probably not Oh, yeah. I saw him on the news reports for being a prisoner, but that's about it. Well, he's a good guy a nice guy. Don't know. Yeah. He's a great guy. It certainly highlighted my global flame flame. That must be true. But I'm, Mcconnell pretty much anyway. So, Bro. I will do something down. No. Look. Fuck off. Have a question. Did you actually do it, Bro? No. Of course. Me on. Okay. I'm just making sure, Bro in. No. We didn't don't bro. You know he didn't You... I know. I know. Know. Will you do something for me or not, Aiden? Okay, Kyle. Can you go be my best friend? We have to show with you? I... I got you. Are we are there any either are there bad bitches there? I don't know. I I don't know. If if there are, I don't know if you'll be able to find them or if if they'll talk to you. The point is Aiden said you don't... I it? No. I don't. I'm sorry. Do you tell her girl pop your pot ass over me? Is that sponge one your t shirt? Yeah. Oh my god. That's what am I talking to these children god Okay. You take... You take your inhaler g, that'll turn the girls on. Right. Ay. While he's busy with his inhaler because you can't seem to handle air without assistance. You tell me if you're gonna do something for me, like you promised you would or if you're simply lying. K. Said by the end of the year? No. That's why why by the end of the year? I need you to go next week. Just admit you're not gonna do it? Just admit you're not gonna do it I'll book the flights right here on stream. You're gonna go or all. Okay. So what are you have to meet someone pick something up and the leave? Okay. You know what? Can I have somebody do it for me? No. You and a friend will go to Santiago, then Argentina next week yes or no. Okay. Plus killed there. Wait. Is it's bad out there? Yes. The kidnapping and, like, cut your body parts off and shit there, Bro. We'll send you up. Hey cut. Oh, but cut yours off. They can't mess with you. You got sponge straw t shirt on and an inhaler. Just scared to. Don't worry about that. You just showed up and you're telling who. Else. You tell him. That's why. You pull. You say you're a stream or you're busy game more. You're you love know that is. You not know who your man is. The you rescue pussy You talk loser. You and your dirty ass, brother fucking too. Down bitch. Look at you to sit there. You bald Refugee. Fuck you. Alright your laughing Thanks. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Everyone comment down a notch. Listen. I'm calm. I'm just saying that Have a few worry about. I'm trying to give the Team bro. I see another way about your tough guy, but over there until I said to. I got a better deal. All my life me and the numbers you in the ring I swear got meeting or knocking the fuck out. Will fucking kill you, bro. Oh, my god. This is the biggest waste of my time, even on house arrest. This is a waste of my time. Right. So you're not gonna go next. So you're not gonna go next week. That was live. You know what what do you mean? I'll do fucking. What you want? What you want them? No. No. Don't Aiden. This is knock, like, every the time you lied to me. You're gonna do it You're not gonna do it. Don't waste your time see. My word. He will do it. You have my word. I want you to You can film at all. You can make a big documentary how you did what top you needed did you do in Santiago Chile. Dude know where that is. First all, what what what... Hold on. What what constant even is that? Where what does that do exist on the gl in South America? You dumb fuck? And absolutely chop you up and sell your body parts? Yes. Ruth Dangerous. Dude, listen, Andrew. You know what I love you even. I would do anything for you realistically. You want me go to under continent. I know nothing about named Chili and meet somebody, and I'm probably gonna about making even back alive. Are you saying constant on purpose? What? Okay. So you fail on that test next. As for smash bros. I actually would like to see how good you are game. So what I'm actually gonna do that even though you failed me in the task I need you to do. I will invite you instead to Romania next week to come, and we will pay, we will play ten thousand dollars a game, smash bros live for the world to see you versus me ten grand a game, money up upfront. We're gonna put a hundred grand down each, I'm gonna play ten games. What do you think? A hundred thousand dollars. At least, minimum. And we're gonna play Smash bros everyone who loses. Every time you lose a game with ten g's? I'm not gonna why I like that. But can we play Ballgame game too? No. We can't play your game because I... Like I said, I've not played video against in twenty years, and Only playing one game. I picked up the game I play when I was younger. I don't wanna play any other. I don't wanna know nobody about any other game. Don't hear anybody any other game. I'm uni interested. I play Smash bros because that's why I used to play. You told me you'd beat me and you lied to yourself are lying. Ten grand a game, Will you come here get your ass kicked? And pay me every time I destroy you, or as usual, you just saying words on a fucking stream trying to be entertaining, lying because you can't think of everything anything actually insightful and interesting to say. Get office dick bro. Hey and thank you, brother. No problem, brother. I my Don't. What the fuck is this Bro. No. Shut. We're gonna talk about... I wanna talk about Islam with both of you. That's not I do here. Yeah. Because my friend Mcconnell is a Muslim, Andrew. Islam welcome. Hey, Ball. Sla mo Them. I was just about to reply to you but and then you insulted me? I... I don't think that was necessary. You're right. I'm sorry. Kyle. K. How long did you back to city gets on for? Ever sounds born. Okay. As long as the beautiful thing, and I don't think it should be discussed on this stream, because I don't think this stream is Halal enough to also make in with the... With with Islam as a whole, because I think we're talking about. People are swearing and we're talking about subjects which are not particularly deeper insightful, and I think we should keep the two separate. Sorry, Aiden. Oh. All out of respect for the religion. I think we should just talk about. Respect... I actually respect you for that on God. Good. Thank you. Problem. So we've... So far, all, we've concluded is Aiden lie or everything he says a lie. Well, no. I... Well, Mcconnell. Aren't we going on on double day with those two sewer models? Yes. So we have two bad bitches coming up very soon. Oh, you're you're gonna be a part of it. Hate. Wait Wait. Show me need what what double date What girls are going Show the girls. What the girl you're talking to. Sean. Okay. Our her name is no. Just show the picture. Just show let me of the girl you're talking to. K. I'm happy for you, Bro. I think this one's the one for you, Bro. I know you're stated rigidity for her, but... This is this is me, her ass next to me. That's so it's hard for me to see the screen. I I don't know if it's a joke or no. I can't see it's just a normal picture. I'm assuming. That's good. Yeah. To be showcasing our fat ass You see it. Okay. Well, I hope you I hope you end up married and happy and have a beautiful family and you respect each other and treat each other as you deserve to be creative. My plan is just about the bitches I die So That's your plan. You don't ever plan to be anything more serious than that? I'm be honest bro life's a fucking joke. Where you die? You know, who gives a fuck rep of life to the fullest. Right? No. You're wrong about that. It's all about leaving a print here. Correct. Are you gonna have trade or not? I mean, yeah, Bro, I want many knees they're gonna come out looking good as fuck. K Well, it sounds like you have a very well thought through. So I. Andrew. What is the point of life though? Why does there have to be a point? Well, I why hear. Yeah. But you're here anyway, Why does there have to be a y? You now exist. Why? Why are you? But you'll never question them why? I think I think Hold Adams twenty tools stream. Bye. Only three people at a time. So if Adam joins, and we have to say goodbye to our friend. Joe I never me piss me a fuck off, Bro. You kick me? No. Joe. Joe Mc. Not yet. If I hear I a aiden would kick you. Not not understand. My boy. That's my boys boy is he's not kicking me bitch. Neon honest actually... It's actually his stream today. Not mine. So, if you got it. Hop fun the Joe. Listen. Joe. Just listen. Listen, man. I don't wanna be around the Adam guy anyway, Bro. Hey. You have to choose who you like more me or a your a little friend of the green t shirt. No okay. Who do you like more? What is this? You guys both k for me. What which one you guys Gonna marry your. Choose who gets to stay and who gets to go. I'll leave right now. You wanna leave I'll leave, but then only say. Here we go. This shit. You a pension who. Just kick me, bro. Just kidding you got it bro. Hold on. Hold on. To be fair neon on. I I'd I have to say one thing. You know not I love Neon, but Cool. Wait. Am I being a fake friend? Yeah. He loves you, but he just wants to kick you off the stream. So nobody did. All good. No don't care. He has like, three real views anyway. Don't go fuck. Alright. Have a great day, man, peace. Why are you Why why are you leaving me beyond? You could just stay... Stay for a little bit. You guys could both stay. Bald fuck wants be on a get out, Bro? But you guys are both my friends. Why can everyone just stay be happy? You said you want, Adam to come on. If adam not coming, then I'm happy to entertain your little friend with the inhaler. Well, I think I think Adam Rap. I disability, Bro. Oh, Adams Adam's said a she run out and said he's shooting with his wife. At least he is. Yeah. Yeah. But... Right. So are you you're are you gonna fly Romania and lose at video games or not. No or just more lies at your mouth. It's Scott, Bro... Why don't I ever lie to you. Please tell me, bro? All do it's lie, aid and everything come take your mouth is just a lie. Everything you do is just talk... Well you just say things, and none of it has any weight. Your word has no value. You don't say anything and think, oh, shit. I said it. So now I have to do it. My word is my bond. I'm a man and all I have is my word. You don't give a shit. You'll sit here and say, I wanna get in best shape ever, and then you'll just go and do drugs that it's amazing that the words at your mouth have no weight in your mind at all. You don't give a shit what you say. You'll say anything. You just talk garbage all day long. I was you don't even think about what you've said, what do you have to yourself or the universe or to other people? No. You just say things. I was going through a very dark time and I picked up a about Liam and I'm sorry. But you don't know what it's like to go through an addiction thing you don't know how the wear flight. So you can't be ignorant. Hold on. You cannot be ignorant and sit and level that out. I fucked up. I just have fucked up and think that I got clean off it. I was almost for months. Sipping crazy amounts of lean. You don't know what addictions like, You need to zip it before you lose? I'll argue with you on that point? Firstly, I'll ask what was this dark time? What inspired this dark time that made you feel like you needed lean and escape out of my mind because I was going through it. Why? What happened to made you wanna go through it? Personal issues. Okay. Do you think that your personal issues were more difficult than let's say the personal issues I've perhaps dealt within in the last four to five months. Yes. Yes. Yes Well was dick out. And it was very sad, Bro. Well no. That's how it happened I broken Hey, Neon. That's now what fucking happened, Bro? Bro? My corona get dig guys do shut up, Bro? Yeah. I what Who did she who did she cheat with? Amy, listen You said all, god. I fucked her the ass. That's what happened. Weird ass get in my shit. And where she lives to at her mom, and I fucked her too. Fuck that. You're you're you're such a loser, dude. You're loser. Yeah. You said to you. You chloride. You're a four ugly fuck. And you're jewish gonna burn in hell. You're gonna burn in fucking hell. You Jewish copy. Fuck here. See andrew. And you're laughing andrew? What the hell? Wait? Yes. Wait what. You know People Nice, bro. Well, I'm fuck, Bro. Oh, my god. What have about I done? Apologize. Taking your man handler. And followed up. Bro, can you please apologize Bro? Sorry, Bro. K. Jake Paul is on the way soon. Jake Paul beat about fifteen minutes. I'm trying to get adam him in there He's just shooting a quarantine. Regardless though. It's not of anyone's business why I... My sit pick at the bottle. You know, it's personal shit. Andrew, Are you okay? Yeah. I'm just bored you. Wait. Yeah apologize. Chad. You apologize. I think you doesn't like me, Bro. It's all good. Well. No. I like you. I like you. Oh, thanks. I'll like you too, man. No, nothing personal. And, well, on, So you do like me on. You do like me on. Yeah. Why would I just like him We're... I have nothing personal against him. Why. Man I appreciate. I like you too and what, you know the shit you spread and stuff You're a great guy. Thank you very much. See? We just gotta get rid of aid and we can kick him off. I don't Like a fuck out of here, bro. It would be good. What is there really both your issue? Listen, I I respect I get because you guys are both, you know, Muslims and I and I love both you like my brothers. Would you have a convert? What? Would you ever a convert to become a muslim just question? Great question. You know, I I I just... I never thought deeply deeply about it. Okay? Why are you making that base? So the fuck? I mean well, let me ask you your question. Part of being a part of your your your culture and religion on, like, how devoted are you to it? I grow the mosque every Friday. Pay... Pray around two to three times today. I'm working on, Bro? Do do you commit any, like, Ram? No. I'm still virgin I'm waiting to fuck, you know, until marriage. Okay. Just curious. Yeah. So you don't jerk off anything? Not all. Wait. I used to back at the day I stopped him. Alright. That's good. Do you gamble? Hawk no. Okay. Yeah. K. Alright. Whatever. Well, what is what it is. Alright. Let's let me let me let me text about the fuck real quick. Let's see here. Let me call Jake. I love Jake Paul. Nerds it's a boring. I'm gonna work. Dude. What is what Neil what the fuck? Period. He a training anybody on his fucking period. Dude. What is wrong with him, bro? Why are you acting like that? He's going through an emotionally, Can't blame him. Well, what does he do for work? I don't know, Neon before you get off before you know, you you get kicked. My whole chat is spending to kick you. Yeah. Brother, they're tate nick suckers. I'm just, bro All good. No. I I just wanna say, Bro. Gone with you for the next six months before he gets fox G. Bye. Yeah. What is... Why would you sit? There's just an insensitive piece of shitting neon on. El on the fucking chap bro. Insensitive, man. Insensitive. Just seriously so fucking insensitive, dude. Fuck, man. Me. What the hell is that? Are you there? I kicked them. He's he's gone. I just looked up. You kicked your little friend why? Yeah. Yeah. Who's being super insensitive, man. You know, How to make sure he was he's was out of here. I genuinely I genuinely didn't hear a word. I didn't have my headphones wrong. What was he saying? You know, he's just being too toxic, man You he said some shit to about me and you... Just... It's just not right. You know? I like that. I don't I don't like anyone that's just disrespectful. Well, normally, when I do emergency means so I do these lives, I try and give a lot of value and help people. But when I do them with you, I'd just like to sit and chill and talk in like, waste time because when it comes to wasting time, You're a fantastic person to speak to. So I try and just, like, have a pretty generalized relaxed cigar. So you said you gave anything out of talk to me. Anything. Absolutely nothing. You have never said anything that has made me think for more than a fraction. Not having have a fraction of a second. Everything that's come out of your mouth. I've already known what it's gonna... When you start a sentence, I know how it ends, and it's boring the whole way through. You've never said anything that has made me contemplate anything ever. I just sit here and educate you and you half listened, and I educate the audience by extension, but I gain absolutely nothing at all from it. So normally, I think, I talk to Aiden, and I'll just my cigar, drink a coffee, chill relax. So to do that, I do agree it should be a pretty happy environment. We don't need toxicity in this environment because there's no value being displayed unless I give the value. I don't gain any value from anybody, especially not fucking you. So all in all, let's keep it pleasurable and happy and friendly. First sure, Bro. You know, damn. I mean, I I never knew that. Thought you've At least I mean, no. You could say something. Make make me learn, make me... What do you wanna talk about? Let's talk about something. Interesting. Love I talking about... I like talking about history. You know anything my history? Of course. History teach teaching teaches you about the future. I know a lot about politicians. I know a lot about a lot of stuff. I'm actually doing. Tell me something. Tell me something. Let's have a... Let's have a discussion. And you're in your personal belief, Andrew, who is the most important man in history? And listen. Aiden. I am a professional I told you to tell me something. I didn't tell you to ask me a question. Teach me something, give me some value. Go on, say something which is interesting. Start our conversation which genuinely requires us both to explain our opposing viewpoints and the people at home can extract and extrapolate from the conversation we have. I got it. Came a new world It. I got it. I got. The educational system is extremely outdated, and it's meant to set people for lab laboratory laboratory jobs and stuff. That's true. The educational system is out outdated. I agree with. And I do agree with you also that is designed to set people up for the slave mine for the worker mind, the Hive mind. Tell me where... So care... So where did you come to this conclusion? How did you decide this was true aid and tell me. When you really decide and think about things. For example, I I saw something that you said, but, I don't just, you know, get this information from you, it's common it's common knowledge. When you go to college, you're in debt. Right? When you when you when you when you when when you apply to schools and stuff, and you get a degree, you're you're you're taking out loans for school and stuff. You're getting loans for textbooks. You're paying a dorm, etcetera. You're in debt. And then after that, you have to go to school and work off your debt. Then before you know, you buy a house, you're always in debt throughout your whole life. So I feel like school sets you up to be in debt and to keep you low. But when people that think outside the box and really skip these regular last jobs of working for other big corporate companies and stuff, then that's when they're not really living in debt. Does that make sense? And it's not really full freedom, but it's at least a little bit more freedom than it is than, you know, live in living a regular in debt life. If you weren't a streamer, how would you try and become successful and rich? It would be hard, but I think the way I would do it was, the way I would do it is networking and and becoming and finding out ways an entrepreneurship. I figured it out. I would I would figured it out Bro. No. Give me something specific. What would you try and do? Flip things. I would find ways to to make money out of thinking outside the box. Some of that nobody's doing. Some of that is very, you know, unique, real estate, investing. Crypto. You like that. You just said I'm gonna think outside the box and do something that nobody else is doing and named crypto and real estate as those out of the box ideas that nobody else has ever thought of or tried. Perhaps the most in the box ideas that everyone on Earth is already trying to do. Listen cement, we were on a good discussion bay. I was telling you my my knowledge of what I analyzed about the world. I've also analyzed a lot of things that people do. Like, for example, can I say something that's super fucking ironic? I showed you my watch collection. Work ice out diamond chains to me is super cringe because there's no point in them. Except to look good. But they're trying to impress people that generally. Don't care about them. They're trying to impress people that I say that, I mean, people are referring to wear chains. Okay. So now I'm gonna... Because I'm a genius, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna actually start providing some value to the people who are watching us now because they've watched enough bullshit. So let's make people actually learn things. So you've said the people are wearing diamond chains because they're trying to make people care about them people who are not interested in them. Why do you think especially men, I guess we could talk about women as well, but we're both males. So could talk about it from an masculine perspective. Why do you think men specifically are trying to signal status that way. What do you think is the advantage of signaling status? What does it happen for? I think it's... Like I said, it comes with pushing this narrative where you have to wear diamonds and have all these things and look, try to look, present, like, look cool. I guess you could say, like, look, the word is hip. Right? Put so light. But don't you think men have always signal status. Don't you think it's some form even since the don't own a human time? The Romans would wear gold or you'd kill your enemy and chop his head off and put on a stick or where a feather or whatever it was. Don't you think humans have always signal status? Don't you think the chief of every tribe in every single civilization across the planet has always worn something which is primarily decoration just to signal to a degree status. Do I think that humans have always done that? I think there's other ways to flex it I guess that's the word. Interesting. Okay. So there's other ways to signal status this. So firstly, do we agree that men should signal status. You think it's important to stay a signal as a man or not? I believe so. Yes. Why? Because that's that's the status of a man. I think that's what you do. You, You know it's... When you when your man, it's all about pride. Know pride isn't good, and it's good Sometimes put it aside, but like, it's it's, you know, men men... That's something should do as well... So you said there's other ways for a man to show he's high value and show his status. What are they? I think instead of wearing we're an iced stat watch. You wear a presidential. I think instead of wearing an iced out chain, you you buy a car for your mom or something. I just think there's other things to do. Buying stuff or your mom should people will buy chains, but they won't even buy their mom's houses and cars. You know what I? So it's like, it's like, backwards if that makes sense. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. But that's both money. What about having a good... What about being in good physical condition? Do you think that shows status? That... Do you think that shows your a hard dedicated an motivate person? Yes. Yes, It does sir. Yes. So very important. Wouldn't you agree? Yes, sir. So why do you still look like shit? You know, it goes both ways, Bro. I told you I was battling an addiction. And I... And again, you don't I don't care about some story. I don't have a fuck. I About your shit. There. When you came out a prison look like a homeless fucking crack head. And did I say shit? I said, damn, I hoping we get home has a warm blanket and eat some hot food. Fuck you. You expect me to feel sorry for you because you're saying you were battling an addiction. And I don't know what it's like the ballot addiction. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying stupid it. No. I'm not saying that, Bro, but what I'm trying to say is this, it all comes to this, Andrew. Everything I might about experience. You could say aiden and don't touch that hot door over there. It's hot. It's hot. Guess what what does the mind think? Why he tell me that. I gotta experience myself. I gotta I gotta fuck up. I gotta fall on. I gotta touch that hot door. You can say thousand times. Don't touch it. Don't touch it. Don't touch it. I'm me. I'm my own man. So you're you're saying I should become an addict celine lean. Otherwise, I not understand the world. You you went through enough, you experienced enough in your life to something that ignited something in your brain and realized, hey. I don't have to touch this path ever. The regular person is curious. At human beings are are amazing because they're curious bro. Everyone curious... Yes. So what I'm trying to say, Okay. So we've talked about how a good physical condition can signal status and we talked about how you fail there. What else can signal status us for a man? I think like, I think a big one is making sure his people are good. That's the that's the biggest thing we can show, sir. Yeah. Good answer. Good answer. So that includes the woman who's on your arm and the men who are around you. So what do you expect? When you're and your and your mom, your mom and, you know, Your mother. And your family completely. So let's say you meet a guy. He's standing with three or four other guys, and you think that You want this man in your mind. He's a high state man. The other men around him who are these guys. Explain explain the scenario to me. So around Can you explain it? You're saying that A man could signal stay through the people he hangs around with. Correct. Yes. Yes, sir. Okay. So so describe describe these other people you'd hang around with if you want to signal you yourself as a high stay male. I think if if you're if you hang around people. If you're in a room full of winners, you're a winner. You will not not specifically your winner, but you're more likely to be a winner and hanging on the room full of losers. So what I'm saying is if you're around people with the same mindset as you are and a motivation. A motivated of mindset, You don't like motivated. Disciplined mindset, if you're around people that are on the same shit you're on, if not greater shit, like, from the competition, for example, If I'm in... If I'm with someone who's competitive fuck, and we both are successful, it's gonna make me wanna do more. Does that make sense? Great. So you're the sum of the five people you spend the most time with? So your network is extremely important. Yes, sir. Good. So we agree on that point. Something else I've been teaching for a very long time, which is also what I teach on my newsletter and on my website So we agree on that. What about the woman on your arm? How would the woman on your arm increase your state? Is this a man? Because the woman on your arm, make sure you're nurture, make sure your provides... Well, no. You provide. But the woman on your arm is nurturing you, the on your arm is making sure that she can take care... Well. I don't wanna call as miso this, but this... I'm traditional. I believe that I I just don't want people to fucking clip this things the wrong way. But, like, I'm asking. You know, we're talking about how a man could signal status. What kind of woman next to you gives you status as a man? Beautiful woman. Would you agree a beautiful woman get you status? Of course. Of course. But I think a woman with with character, I think woman with that knows how to that that knows how to take care of a home if that makes sense. Nurture. I agree with that. Again. Like, you're not gonna lot... Look, like, like... And and it took a while for me to understand is it's like, Bro. To be honest bro, you don't want... Like, there's there's a lot of girls in this world. Right? And a lot of these girls, some of some of these girls that are like, instagram models and stuff. They have no personality, and they couldn't take care of a home if you hand it. You if you told them, if you give a manual. They have no mother leach traits. They have nothing in them that makes them an actual, you know what I mean? Nurture. But there's girls out there who who hold it down and who are earn who are who who know how to nurture that aren't these Instagram bottles that are working in these videos and fucking half and wow about many far. So nice. So you're talking about female who's modest. Who knows how to take care of a home. Yes. Was a good heart, who's beautiful. And that will add to your status as a man. Yes. And if you're in good physical condition, and you're also hanging around with other men who are winners who have similar women in similar physical condition, That'll also add to your status and you'll be a very high state mail. Correct? Correct. Why do you have none of these things? Why are you trying to pay on me Why do you have none of these things? I have all of these things. What do you at you go you? Of course, I've... Let's... I'm... I have to be very careful what I say because of my current legal jeopardy. But, of course. You. I think everybody here understands I'm not lonely. I think everyone here understands the power of my network and everyone here understands my physical prowess and my mental capability. I'm asking you why you're not in fantastic physical shape. You're very young or very rich. Why you're not fit... Okay? Alright. And why don't you have a beautiful whole one arm who truly cares about you? Why is that not been achieved yet? Well, I mean, if you ask your ass, my chat, watch this. How many of you guys are single in this chat. But me. A lot of people are single it takes a while to find the one. You know? And and and and hopefully, it'll happen to me. And I hope it happens to you... Yeah I mean, you've met many women. It happens, man. I can't force it. If I force somebody. Click on the street say, hey. Be my wife. Hey, be my person. Be the one of my arm. It's it's forced and and and if and it's it's hard to find the one that you you wanna you wanna have on your own. I I We... You and Are different. I believe that you only need one grown this world, and I believe that I I believe it one done. What I'm leaving. How many love letters a week do you get from women in general? None. I don't get love letters so win. I don't I don't even write letters. That's like, really outdated, like... Well, you you don't get any fan mail from women ever? Because I'm supposed the worse. I get letters emails, whatever presence in the mail, all the things I get. How many do you get? I get Dms all the time. I used to get them a lot more, few months back. But I, I them all the... They happen them, of course, that been it's always always going on the Dms. Comes how come you're still single of all these women want you, Aiden? Because they want me for the wrong reasons, Andrew. Okay I understand. What do they want you for your money? Money, they want me because the name, and they want me because the attention, they want me because the buzz. Wrong reasons, Andrew, you know this. I think I think the the right one will come to me, and I'll know this. Once I'm done with this stuff. Once I'm done with this whole Internet persona shit. I think the one... No, I'll I'll find the right one. That doesn't care about of this shit, You know? It's it's hard. It's it's I I I don't want anything other. I don't want anything that's that's not real. I want real love. I want real passion action. I think waiting is the best thing to do. Focusing on myself right now. I fucked up. I battle an addiction, and I prayed that nobody has to battle what I went through and people have a way worse than me. So Even gonna see and we play it, like, victim. I fucked up. I'm in the decision. I was in the gym looking really good. Making progress, and I fucked it up, and I and I regret. But I learned it, and I won't do that again, and now I have this whole plan to change my life again. So, you know, it's... Sometimes you gotta fall down before you get back up and even go harder. So I'm excited. I can't wait to really see, you know, improve the world wrong again. Like I always drive my whole life. So... U, u. So if a woman only wants you because you're rich and famous. And let's say she thinks you're interesting and charismatic, and that's you're funny and that you have a high status because you're a streamer. You don't think she really loves you. Not saying that. I just think it's harder to come by. I think it's... I don't know. I I I a question to be honest because I haven't... Like, it's it's it's... Might let's one... For example. Let's try I'm a woman. Right? And she only likes me because I'm six foot four, built like Hercules, hundreds of millions of dollars, most famous man in the world perfect in every way. Intelligent, funny charismatic, interesting. Let's say she only likes me for these shallow reasons. Don't you think her love is actually true by the time you add it all up. She loves who Am as a person because that's who I truly am. No? Not. That's fair. And if I only love her because she's beautiful and care and is nice to me and it's gorgeous and she takes care of me is my love for her true? I think you should start replying to some of these Dms, Hayden. Do you need help. Get your get your Dms open now. I'll tell you what to text. Let's go Let's play the game. Find a beautiful girl who messaged you. I don't know why you're pretending it you don't reply to the beautiful girls who message you because you clearly do because you're... Let's not you're not ignoring them. You're not a Ga. You're probably like, hi. Yeah. Yeah. Can we meet now? Like, I know you, but you're you're straight on? Why do you underestimate? I lot Don't pretend you're some g you ain't ignoring these girls. Why are you lying to me? Where are you... Where are you? Miami, or la. Where are you? I am, you know this. I got out of Last I sold my pray everything. I told you I get the fuck out. Okay. So you're in miami. So there's lots of girls in Miami and they all want clout. So you're getting all these messages from girls and you're saying you're not replying to them? No. And you just sit by yourself all day every day. Thanks. Talking to your little friend with his inhaler. That's what you do with your life. Andrew, can I ask you a question? I... This a great question. Sure. What is what is the point a fucking all these bitches These these Miami thoughts, these bitches. Right? That been passed around that Been, what's the point of that? What do I gain out of that? What's the... Completely agree. Exactly Absolutely agree. There's no point in it. The goal is... The but the goal is for you to find the good one. Right? So you have to go to the supermarket and pick up a lot of apples till you find the good apples. Some of the are rotten, and some of the apples are bad. You can't ignore all the apples because they need everything a good one. Not saying if you don't have to sex with them, but you can go on a day. You can talk to them. You might be a nice one. You don't know. You know what I every... You know, every every girl that I've been since it's up doing the. Every girl that has ninety percent of them. I makes son And stuff. Just so like... Because, I don't want them saying shit or taking pictures of shit or, like... Not that I'm a weirdo. I just... You know, I people like to leak things and stuff like that. Has that happen to you or not? Hell, yeah. What have they leaked about you? Dumb shit, man. What shit. Just stupid shit. Like, it sounds like, I don't know like, pictures or. I don't know. It's just like, nothing crazy. Like, I'm not a weirdo. I, Outside. You met. You met me stream. Am my a weird person no. Why didn't you let me answer that? Am I a person Andrew outside the streaming bullshit? So what did they leak about You tell me? Dude, it's not question. Hold one a second. Am I weird a guy? What did they leak about you? You're weird, bro. No. It's nothing crazy just pictures and stuff like that. Like, like fan... Like, some fan shift. If that makes sense. Like, just shit. Like, like, just nothing crazy, nothing to leak about me. Let me ask you a question. This is a genuine question. Why do you think even though the most famous man in the world, I've never had an ex leak things about me. Why do you think that is? Okay. I don't wanna I don't wanna break... I don't wanna fucking don't look don't look at me crazy and shit. But, like, what you're going through? Don't you think it could've been avoided if, like, Nda were signed? No. It's absolutely nothing to do that. Did you see the video I put up a couple days ago? I think it was yesterday, explaining my criminal case so so my Twitter's pinned. And watch. What did you saying it? I'll watch it. I will. Watch it. You can watch play on your stream when we're not around because I don't wanna be the stream when you play the player, and it'll explain everything. But why do you think Until ex girlfriend has ever leaked anything about me or no ex girlfriend ever tried to get revenge Joe nine. You're you're not you're not a bad guy. You're not a weirdo. I know this about you? I I just think you're... You're getting extremely black ball because you've been spending knowledge and truth about making young men better. And we we when we we talked about this before? It's just all, a push agenda to try to get you out. Did you know if you post a tiktok with your face in it, Emmanuel. I mean, did you know that? If soul makes it to. Yeah. That's crazy. Who the fuck Quite any people at war. What are they doing? I understand. That's the matrix. I'm talking about something else, and I'll tell you the answers to the question because you don't know. The reason never had the next girlfriend never turn on me or insult me or try trying come out and do an jose or any those things is because those women genuinely respect me. And they respect me as a person, and I respect them back, and they have no reason to try and to attack because I'm genuinely a good man. When I see well, I see a woman who attacks a man. That tells me a lot about who that man is, and I'll tell you why. Because either that man was not worthy of her respect or d is an honor person, and he couldn't identify it. And either way, that makes the man at fault. As a man you have to be absolutely utterly accountable for everything in your life. I were to get a girl into my life and trust her and fly around the world and take her to beautiful places and let her hang around with me etcetera, and then she were to rat on me and snake me. That tells me one of two things. She knows me intimately and thinks I'm a bitch and that she does not have any respect for me, and she has no problem out me the Internet or even worse perhaps, I'm hanging around with a snake and didn't identify it. I would actually say, although I'm the most talented man in the world, my harness thousands of talents. One of my number one talents is my ability to bought snake curry and t. I can tell if someone close to me could ever be a traitor. Think of what I've just been through. Think of what I've just been through in jail. Has anybody from my inner circle turned on me. Has anybody claims to me said, You know what? Now that he's in jail? I'll admit he was a bit weird. Has anybody tried to rob me of money? Has anybody sold he's trying to make money off me. Nobody close to me has turned on me. Not a single man on my team has turned on me, not a single woman close to me has turned on me, not one. That says a lot about me as a man. That means one, I treat with respect and I'm respected, and two, by extension. I can spa. Thanks. So it's very careful. You have to be very careful as a man. It's also very important, especially with your level of fame and the world you're living in. You'd be very, very careful that you as a man are not gonna be hang girls we're only just just for clout like you said, but also they don't have this sneaky attitude. This attitude where they're gonna dis degrade themselves, and they're also going to embarrass themselves to try and embarrass you by extension. You need to develop the ability to spot that and avoid it like the plague. And once you can do that, then you'll be pretty safe to live a full life and pick up apples and find your wife and one day have children and be happy. So when I see a man who's getting rat on by an next ex girlfriend and that says a law about the man themselves. Does that make sense to you? It does make sense to you. I mean me to me. Yes, sir. A great way to put it on Like how you did that. So, Andrew, in that case, since, you know, the the since, you know, the the since, you know, the the you're act... You're acting going way in here. I think even add What the fuck? Bang you. I promise not even adam mini. Hello? Hey, Lena? Hi, guys. Do you hear me? Yes. Yeah. I can hear you all. Hello. Lena, this Adam to Can't hear you. Lena, this is my friend. I don't know if you heard of before his name is Andrew Tate. Never heard them moment. Hi. Nice to meet you. Nice meet you. How are you? I'm pretty good. That's good. Yeah. Good. And I could see you at all. You you have a black microphone in your face. It's very nice. Is this Remind of anything? Injured? We're to be very careful with this conversation, and I'm gonna explain why. Let's start by setting some ground rules because it's very nice to meet these two people and I've never met them in real life, and I believe in being respectful to everybody. That's who I as a person. I believe in treating everybody through respect. And even if we're gonna have an interesting conversation and we're gonna have disagreements in this debate perhaps that might evolve I'm not gonna sit here and insult anybody. That's not who Am. So I know what you're trying to make me do aid, and you're trying to make me say something which could be deemed defensive, and that's not what I'm gonna do. No We're all individuals and we can all make our own choices. We have a lot more in common than we have separating us because believe it or not, the matrix has been out to get me too. So... That's it? That we how. Oh, they've been trying to cancel me for years all kinds of made up sexual assault bullshit, everything under the sun. The same exact playbook that they've been using to try to take you out the games. So you may disagree with some of our sexual pro, but believe me, Me and tell, we're where victims are the same struggle. Show the tip And I think once you get to a certain level of fame and influence every single man's is gonna be hit with this. I mean the reason Aiden hasn't been hit by it because it's just so unbelievable and one knows agents in full of sure. I really have though, bro. I got kids have thirty pounds bro. What for... What, for hanging around with chicks, they said you, like, had sex with the girl or whatever you got sexual circling. Like that. Thank you... Yeah. Because everyone knows you're not getting late. So that's fine. But when you're an actually high state it's male is pretty clear. Whatever. Whatever? Cool. Can't true. Say again. Sorry? I know girls. I know girls fucked aiden, so I I don't think that's totally true. What? How do you know this? I know all about you, Aiden. Tell me all about Aiden. Bro. Hey. What is this Bro? I know, like, ten tran checks the hidden fuck. Alright. So now we're gonna leave that shit. It's not true at all. Come on. Bro You know It's sound true. Hey? Andrew I swear to God. I've never fucking the trans before. All I let me tell you. Let me tell let me tell you all a story. When I was about twenty five, I was living in Thailand. And I must be the only man who lived in Thailand for... Because I was fighting, so I lived there for two years. And I live there, and I must be the only man who lived in Thailand. I've never paid for sex. Never slept with a prostitute, None of none of the weird shit. So I'm living in Thailand. And I had this Russian girlfriend and then she went back to Russia, and I was a bit lonely. And I thought, okay. I'm gonna try and get myself a new girlfriend. And By coincidence to same day, I met this beautiful swedish girl. And she was backpack. And I met her, I went up to her and start saying a hello, blah blah, blah, we agreed to go for a drink that night. After talking to her I was walking home, and as I was walking, This who must have been about fifty five fifty six had a couple keith missing. Some man, clearly a man. I don't wanna, you know, mis gender. Clearly a man was a transactional was walking across the road for me. And he slash she pointed at me and said, hey. I can tell by how you walk. You have a big dick. What the fuck? And I looked back at this transaction and thought. Well, I'll take the compliment, and I said, yes. That's true. Thank you very much, and I continued on my walk. That was the end of the story. Until nine o'clock rolls around, I get on my motorcycle. I go down to this bar to meet this Swedish girl. I'm sitting there. I get drinks on the table. She turns up twenty minutes late. And I'm sitting there with the Swedish girl. And after an hour and a half, of drinking and enjoying each other's company, I'd already kissed her twice. I was due to go back to her house because my house was a dump, but she had more money than me. And we're gonna go and stay at hers. When the walks in the bar. And in front of the entire bar, she walks in and points to me across the bar and goes, And the entire bar. What what... It looks... Big dick. A big dick. And the entire bar stops and looks at her the old trans sexual with missing teeth, and then looks at me. And I tried to explain for the following ten minutes to this swedish girl that I've never slept with this person. I don't know why she says, I a big dick, and I've never been with her and I don't know. And I just saw her on the street. And she didn't believe me. She went toilet and never returned. That's a story from when by lonely night in Thailand. That's true and it completely happening. You never give a lady boy a shot? I've never given it a lady boy a shot. No. Am I missing out Adam? Haven't done it either there, but I went out to Thailand when I was, like, nineteen twenty, and the lady Boys are out there. And some of them, even back now, this was, like, twenty years ago, they were doing a pretty impressive ro. Like, they they looked like more of a woman than a lot of women that I know. So Shut up him. I've seen a lady boy kicked the fuck out of a dude. It was really interesting sight. He was saying some shit to her running his mouth and she literally fought like a man and beat the shit of him, and it was pretty interesting to see. Heels on and everything. Alright. I just brought in the room? Why is it gonna we talk... Yeah, Lana, you just you just finished... I heard the videos on crazy I'm porn have you guys crashed it. It's on my only fan? No. Oh, sorry. So Adam, you know... Oh, sorry, what happened was this... Just sound yeah. Have you heard Andrew, they they did a video, basically, Adamant and them they're married. They're... You know, they're they've been married for a while. They have a beautiful family. And, basically one day. They decided to, basically, Adam said, hey, Hun. You go ahead and we get a Bbc by this guy. So they had a big black cock insert her purse. And Was not in the video. And Yeah. That's pretty much what happened. And fox engine? Well, I think I mentioned this on one of my previous podcast podcasts. I said that I wouldn't personally do that, but it's not my personal preference, but I wanna make something clear. I I'd... I'd... I'm really careful about What I say to people. I don't wanna insult anybody. That's not who I am as a person. If that's their personal decision to make, then they can make their own personal decisions and do as they please. I'm not here to sit and say they shouldn't do it. All I can say is that I wouldn't personally do that. That's not something I would allow my woman to do. But perhaps I'm missing something. Maybe I... Maybe you can tell me why I'm I'm wrong. I'm not sure. The thing that he's... The most important piece of context that is missing is the fact that we already had been doing porn for I mean, maybe five, six years or it really since the very beginning of our relationship. And, you know, she is thirty two. She is a mother. Realistically, she's not gonna be doing this forever, but we decided that it made a lot of sense for her to, you know, seize upon the moment the fact that she still got her youth about her and slur up a black cock for the fucking paper, man. He liked it. He liked watching the video. Yeah. I was kinda turning on my. I'm Gonna lie. So my my question would... My question would be... So sorry, one more time. Lai. Right? Correct? Lai? Lana. Yes. Lena, do you think that you have an emotional attachment to this man now or, like, you literally wouldn't care what happened to him. Let's say, Heaven forbid something I don't know. He he got locked up and went to jail or something. Like, would you care or would you literally you have zero interest in him as an individual? Feel for him as I would feel for, like, almost anyone. I'd ever met... Who went to jail, but, like, no offense, Jason I icu you as, like, a male sex doll. Like, you're No no emotional attachment to him whatsoever? No. This is where I have my emotional attachment. Okay. Well then, if you if you're if you're capable of keeping that then I'm not here to insult you. And the reason I don't insult people. I also wanna make this very clear because maybe it's just the life I've lived. But I think the Internet has fucked the world up, and I think the one of the ways it's messed world up is everybody's constantly running their mouths and the world I'm from and the life lived. If you insult somebody, it's it's... You have to be prepared to defend that opinion. And I know people who have run their mouths and then I've got getting shot for it. And I I don't like to sit around and insult people unless I have a genuine beef with them. So I'm not here to judge you or your life, you can just say that it's not something I would personally do. But if you feel like you're your emotional attachment to the guy, I think that's a good thing. I think sure her heart should be in one place. Andrew. Objectively, you could definitely beat the shit out of me, but one time, I was hanging out with the U fighter, Donald Cowboys So. And he pulled up some old and tape kick boxing matches and was showing me them and did a pretty good job of making the point of this guy can't fight, which I am not in a position to judge But I have had that experience where a former U champion has basically told me about what a bitch you are, which I don't agree with. I'm a fan of the top g. I like everything that you're doing out here. But I I I think you and Donald Sir need to settle this in the in the script Circle. Well, that's the thing about fighting. Right? The thing about fighting as a sport. Is that everybody who watches it goes. This guy can't fight or everyone at home who's never even fought says this guy can't fight or the other fight say this guy can't fight, which is why as a fight or you constantly feel like something to prove? Even if you win a hundred fights in a row. There's always gonna be someone out there says you can't fight. I'd like to think that my record stands for itself. I've had eighty eight fights. I've had a bunch of fights, a four time rule champion, and I fought a bunch of rules, including Mma. And I did my very best, and I won a bunch of titles and made some money and be a bunch of people. And, of course, there's always maybe someone who watches me and says I can fight there's a bunch of videos at say I can, and there's the old who says I can't. But I'm very happy with who I am in my career and what I've achieved and I'm very confident in my abilities. So It is what it is. And as for Sir, I've heard of him, didn't he get... Didn't mac mcgregor finish him pretty quick? I believe so. I'm not I'm not a hundred percent share. But either way, we we need to settle that score at some point. I just wanna throw that. But No. I don't know if we do. I don't know if I need... I you know because... And this is something I wanna make clear as well. I don't know if I need beef with people on the Internet. I see a lot of this. I see a lot of people constantly beef for each other and all these arguments etcetera. I don't need any of those things. I'm fighting against a the judicial system. I'm fighting against the most powerful people in the world trying to silence me. I have enough battles in my life. I don't have time to be fucking tweet beef and with some dude. If he has a problem when me can come to my house. He knows where I am everyone knows where I. Until then, I have no problems with anybody. So as for Sir, if he thinks I can't fight, then if he wants to tell me to my face and kick my ass, he's welcome to try. And Strongly believe he would regret that decision, and that's as far as I need to take it. Right. So your brother Tristan was in my Dms like, really since... Sincerely trying to convince me that I have made a very grave era, a massive mistake as a result of having let my wife shoot with another man. Myself personally having been, you know, a couple weeks removed from the actual incident happening. I don't really feel like I made a mistake. It feels like some pretty regular porn shit. It's... You know, I a little bit jealous at first. It's kind of a weird feeling knowing that your your woman was in the arms of another man even if it was only for a few hours, But it's interesting. You don't seem like you have as much of a... A real, like, moral issue with with the act itself. Well, I can give you my opinion on why I wouldn't ever do it, and I think the reason I wouldn't ever do it is because I believe that A man and a woman have a connection between them, and I think that connection is solidified by sexual exclusivity from the females part, and I believe there's an energy cord between. And I think that once that's broken with another man. I do believe there's a degree of the connection which is damaged. And I think that when the relationship is good, perhaps you will not feel it. But when the relationship is bad or an argument start to happen where you start to get on each other's nerves, you might notice as a slight difference in behavior because I do also think that... Once the seal has been broken, I'll give you an example. The four minute mile was impossible to achieve they believe until one man ran the four minute mile, and then a bunch of people around the four minute mile. So once the seal has been broken, for example, let's say, your wife sleeping with another man. The idea of sequence another man is not as intimidating as it was one once was. And perhaps the idea of sitting through an argument or sitting through a rough patch a relationship, it continue to try to work it out as opposed to just jumping on a new man. It might be less appealing than it once once previously. So I believe personally, if my woman already set with another man. She's more likely to just give up from the relationship and sleep with another man again in a rough patch. That's my personal view. You know. Say again? Why would I I mean, I've never... Cheated on you, like, even in the lowest terms of cheating, like, responding to a Dm from somebody or anything. Like, I've never done any of that. Everything in our relationship has been out in the open, you know, like, all my messages with the person that I worked with. I was, hey, just so you know, like, these are the messages. And, like, Adam has fucked a about two hundred women in front of me. Andy he cheated on me. So, like, you know, Adam, Brad, That's terrible. We all got our issues. Hey. Let me just tell you about a half hour ago. I was laying on the floor in the adjacent office with a large Italian ass staking on top of my face. She does this thing called Brazilian face sitting. Almost die. It's gonna appear on only plug talk dot com, which is our weekly podcast where we interview and then fuck a different girl every single week. And this girl was really cutting off my ability to breathe. And when I would grab her ass and try to move her ass off of my face, she would grab my hands and hold on to them so that I wasn't able to escape fuck And Lena was was involved watch. She was giving me hit during all this. And so I don't know. I do feel like that affects our connection at all. Because I... After having you shot with this guy, I can kinda understand why that shit doesn't matter to you because... You and another other guy. Don't really matter to me at this point. I I think it's... Well, my personal view is it's very different from for a woman that it is for a man, and I think that. And I hope I'm wrong. If your relationship reaches a rough patch perhaps the idea of being with another man will be more tempting that once previously was. Because the seal has already been broken. That's my personal view. I don't... With all do respect care what you wanna do with your own relationship if it makes you happy, should make you happy and that's fine. And it's your decision to make. It's not my decision to make. I'm just telling you that I wouldn't do it. I can give you admiration for a degree to how well you've dealt with the pressure, I guess or the hate or the backlash. I mean, you've handled it pretty well, which I guess is good. Not a lot of people can do that. So I have to give you some degree of respect for that. But I guess you expected all that before you made the decision to do it. Right? Yeah. I did. And, I mean, I've got... I've caught a lot of flack because when you first commented on me on the Tucker Carlson show, I left the Instagram comment that said. If he's the top g, I wanna be the bottom g. So I do wanna extend an invite that if you were ever interested in doing your first ever double penetration scene, that me and Lena, I, I I wanna speak for you, but I feel like would he be a suitable candidate? We... Your take? Can I tap him? No. No. What is that? Yeah. Can I can I fill real quick? Andrew you... You're out aiden we you're not in you're not in the this conversation anymore? Randolph off Try and Andrew. Would you would you would you... And would you double Bro? Would would you would you do that andrew your go and finish the. Together, Is is that true? There's absolutely zero percent chance of that happening. And it's not because Elena is particularly unattractive because she's married to Adam, and I have no interest in to degenerate pointless sex, and I have no interest in making a spectacle of myself or even just involving myself in anything which I deem to be overall Har and pointless. This just not something gonna be interested. There's not a... There's not a single amount of money on the planet you could pay me to to undertake. So Thank you. There's not dope. Great because I I respect you all so much. I'm a by the way. I couldn't get paid any amount of money to fuck. No. No offense. Add respect to you generate sex. I'm not with that. No money. Dollars there's a month sitting on your ass. So, and that's from one sponsor, I think. Right? So... Stop ex it. No. I mean... Read it. I read it online. But, yeah. I'm with Andrew on that one. So you do you two think you're gonna stay together forever? I mean, and if Adam she's on me again, maybe not. But... I'm not cheater anymore. I left that in the past. Those wasn't that was no like to Before so you think people are gonna attribute it to this event. It like, I always think that we're gonna be together for forever. I mean, we didn't get married a long time ago, we just got married. But, it is unfortunate that if, like, in ten years, we break up because, like, let's say he cheated on me. Everyone's gonna blame it on the fact that I fucked Jason in July of twenty twenty three. I don't think was gonna think about anything else. Nobody's is gonna be thinking about the fact that we did this in ten years, which when you're in the middle of the storm and everybody's freaking out on you every day. It's kinda easy to feel like, oh, this is going to define my life going forward. Now that may be true to some extent. Because this has been such a thing, but I don't really think that it's that likely to follow us ten years into the future. I don't know. My hopes is to, my hope is to be with Adam forever. That is what I want. You too. And again, last thing I wanna say is this. Will not last but. I think I asked this, but Wait. So Lena, What's what sex was better? Because you haven't had a... Adam... You and app... Sorry. Jason was the first date Alright. Let me let me say something. I find this very uncomfortable to talk about. But not many things I find uncomfortable, but I just find this uncomfortable to talk about. And the reason is is not because I mean I'm an add adult. I know what sex is, of course, I've lived a very, varied life. I just feel like I don't know. We have so many people watching us and we're just talking about Dick and Vagina. Do you think this is below us. I don't know we're all pretty intelligent people. We talk about the matrix and how they're trying to dump us all down and trying to control all of our minds, and this base instinct talk. I find it very uncomfortable. I don't find... I I'm not comfortable being on this stream. If I was sitting with a woman next to me, the last thing I will talk about is our personal life. I just don't think it's the smart thing to do, and I don't think that it is I don't have any interest in the personal sex life of any married couple, and I don't wanna hear about it, and I don't wanna talk about it, and I just find it very uncomfortable. I'm extremely uncomfortable in this situation. That's the truth. And I'm not saying that from a position of weakness. I'm saying it from a position of strength. I don't like talking about these things. I don't like to talking talk about women getting fucked. I don't like to talking about what I do with women. I don't like talking about any of it. I think that what I do in the bedroom with a woman who I care about should be to a degree sacred. And I think it should be completely private absolutely. And I don't wanna hear about anyone else fucking. I wanna make something clear to disturb. I've never watched... I don't watch porn. I've never bought only fans, I've never paid for sex. My relationship with sex is involves love, and I don't think it should happen outside of love. And I think that's the way that sex should operate. And I think that when you decide, And once again, I could be wrong. When you decide to keep sex exclusively for love, There's something beautiful and special about it. And if you decide not to do that, then you keep chasing a new high, and you can have threes sons and fuck a bunch of girls, and I'm not saying I haven't done it, but eventually, you're constantly just chasing a new high, and you end up just doing something weird. Whereas if you just say, I always have sex with girls I love, and it's always special and it's always pretty sacred, and you get to just enjoy it that way, and beautiful children our birth and Life goes on. In maybe, like, the last five years of our relationship. I can really only think of maybe, like, one or two times that we've had sex with a girl off camera. For the most part, we are mono analogous. We just fuck around on camera. And I think if anything our realization is is that the world is so extremely fascinated by a couple like us who are open minded sexually because there's a lot of conversations about poly relationships. And, you know, In in our case, I do think it's kinda dis discontinuous for everybody to act like we're in this crazy poly relationship when we actually are mono analogous besides on camera. But, I mean, for us, it's really like, a porn thing. You know, she shot this scene with this dude as much as she may have enjoyed it and Not enjoyed it. It was a money decision. It was, like, oh, this isn't gonna be a big move for my career and for our family, we're gonna be able to retire off of this money. So that that was the reason for it. Not, like, oh, I'm just dying. I have another dick in my mouth. I understand. And I'm not a saint. I'm not saying sitting you're trying to say I'm a saint. I'm not trying talk from a position of authority, but I have perhaps maybe it's my fight career, which Sir doesn't respect or maybe it's something else, but I think that you can achieve a lot of happiness in life through actually reducing your exposure to certain things. I'll give you an example. I'm not particularly a foodie But I will only eat once a day. Sometimes I don't eat for two or three days at a time, and that's the reason I love a steak. So right now, I have unlimited sexual options because I am the top g, and I'm the most famous man on the planet and thousands of women a week or constantly trying to throw themselves at me. The reason I reject them all, is because I don't think I would enjoy sex as a whole if I slept with all these women. The reason I enjoy sex is because I say no to everybody and say no to. And by reducing my exposure to something. That's how I still find it interesting and That's how I still enjoy it. So I know what you're saying. I'm I'm just talking for my personal experience. I... I try very hard to not give into any temptation and try to avoid them and I'm. I'm a perfect person, but by doing that, I find satisfaction in the world. So if I feel like fucking, I quite often don't fuck. Corollary to that is that we were just on... We're were all over Italy and Spain and France on our Honeymoon and We're in in five star restaurants, every single day, the best food that's out there. And by the end of it, I didn't give a fuck at all about what I would And now that I'm back home and I'm, you know, eating on a pretty strict diet and exercising and everything like that, you could go get me a Mcdonald's fucking Big Mac, and I'm gonna be on Cloud nine because it's just so much more potent than the stuff that I'm eating on a day to day basis. So I I would say that in the sense that there are a lot of guys out there who think that the the the key to happiness is just sleeping with as many women as possible. From my perspective, I'm infinitely more happy just being in a nice solid relationship where I can really trust my partner. As opposed to the way I was, Andrew before, I got into this relationship with her. I was in the streets. I saved you. I was that. Both fucking like, five, six, seven girls a week, new girls well, it was disgusting, doing cocaine. Drinking to a absurd degree, pop and Xanax, Norton perks. I was fun trucks. Fun trucks. Fuck, man. Yeah. I was drinking lean like, Aidan Ross. And now, you know, I'm much happy I'm sitting here like, it's crazy. Alright. Well, I agree. And and I just wanna say that before... Before you guys leave, I agree, I just wanna say that I wish you absolutely the best. I wish the best for everybody on the planet, and I have nothing against you, and I'm glad that you are happy with your decision. I hope it works out fantastically for you, and Hope you stay together forever and you raise your children because that's a beautiful thing, and that's what the world needs more of. So I wish you the absolute best. They... I think a lot of people expected Us argue, and I don't feel that way about about you or your decisions. And you seem like very nice people. I wish you the absolute best, and Elena, I hope you had fun and I hope you enjoy your marriage. I I don't know else people expecting me to say. Tom Nico and fucking My, make a trip to Romania. I wanna be right there on the p hanging out and talking about why girls suck. No. What. Oh, no. Oh, I drew all the line there. We have one more porn the film so we have to go. Yeah. Alright. Hey, guys. Thank you so much for coming on, Andrew Jake's Red. Appreciate you. Sure. Much Adam. Alright, Len, Adam. Guys. How we turn off? Just hang up. Yeah. But maybe just walking away. How do we hang up office. We're good day with think. So just close it. Great. Did hit the heck hit the all the red button. Alright. So we'll get my Jake... Yeah. I think a lot of people expected me to give them a hard time. I'm not gonna give them a hard time. I think that whatever they've decide to do, whether it's worked out perfectly for them or not, life will give them the lessons they need to learn whether they're positive or negative and it's up the life to do that. To stop to me True. Get it is true. Jake. What man? Jamie card? Shit. Yeah. I do. John stop. Honestly. This is my the best shape. I've I've been in. I'm I'm excited for this fight. Eighteen days away. Hang When you're getting in na raid? Actually, you know, soon. K. He's gotta fight his battle against lean first. Bro, What is going how it this lean share? I say yes. From bleed. The fuck is going on here? You know what I'm send is right now. Jake, after you, you beat diaz, I actually, I wanna get... I I wanna get in some work with you. You know, we'll we'll do some Miami training on the hot sun. You know what Say on the beach. I not just... No. Aiden. It's not just about the training. I think every man should have professional at some point in his life one because of the pressure you're under and how scary it is because there's a lot of pressure because you're putting you go on the line. And secondly, because you have to dedicate yourself to a training camp completely and fully. You can't just do one pad session and put it on the fucking internet and talk about being a fire. You need to dedicate yourself and try hard and set a date where you have a fair competition against another man and put on the line. That's what we need to do as a man, so you learn about yourself. Okay. Yeah. Don't you. Don't you have beef with, like, a some other streamers and stuff too? Like one guy named is Son, but he's, like, seven foot tall wears dresses So I'm not I'm not gonna fight that guy. You're answer. Oh there you go. Is that the guy, the guy, I think it is. Yes. It is. Oh my, god. You're mate. Yeah. But now, man, I I was love to get the rain. I swear I I I actually really, really would. One day. I think if you had a reason to to stop sipping lien, it would help you, like, if you had clean I'm clean from while now about a month. But you were you were texting my friend, like, three days ago, asking for a lien plug. K. Andrew andrew's line. No. I'm not on. I'm not on. You're when you're talk about Jasper. K. Yes. Not It was not three days ago I texted, like, a couple months ago about Lee. I haven't known lean in the over a month. You can drug... I'll take a drug test on stream tomorrow. You want me to do it. Do it. Chat chat, We wanna see this. Make it. Thinking... Okay. Fine. I'll do it. No at all. Alright. We wanna talk about it. We wanna talk about it. Do. I'm a do it for a. We do it. Alright. Got you. Yeah. I got you. So... You won't. You you talk shannon whenever never gonna get test. You know... If you guys are gang up on me. Are you gonna fight, Andrew? And you're gonna fight. You guys are fight? Well, I'll tell you something. Let's talk about this because it's there was a time where I called out, Jake Paul. There was that time. So let's talk about that. It's when Jake first called out Connor. I think this was, like, four or five years ago. Is that correct? Along a while ago. And I said, Jake, I'll fight you. I remember saying it to him. At the time, I wasn't nearly as known as I am now. And then since said, I've made it very clear also to the world, I said that, Jake, I believe he's the best Youtube boxer. I believe he could beat them all. And I think he's trading very hard, and a fight against Jake would be a real fight, and I do believe he's working hard in the gym. And he's more of a boxer than he is a Youtuber now. I don't think we're gonna fight, especially because of my current legal situation, I can't even leave my house. However, I do think that in terms of Youtube boxing, I'm glad it's came... But I'm glad it's a a space now. I like the idea of people would be fighting each other. And I do also, and I wanna make this clear to everyone. And I've said it multiple times. I do think Jake is the best of all the Youtube boxer. I don't think that can be denied. Well, thank you. No. I appreciate that. I I think... Yeah. My answer to it would would be, like, if you figured out your legal situation. I'd I think you should get in there because it would be massive. Maybe, maybe not with me maybe with whoever it is, but I would... Everyone I think would want to see you folks. Everyone wants to see it. It would make a bunch of money. And I don't wanna say, but before I was arrested in December, there was a conversation ongoing about me fighting someone, and I'm not gonna say who it is because it didn't happen. And I asked for a lot of money, and they offered me all the money I wanted, and it was very close to being signed, and then I obviously ended up in a prison sale. So certain things changed. But yeah. I know the whole world wants to see it. The whole world would love for me to get in there and fight somebody. I'm very aware of that. But we have to make that the stop. If we could... If we could ever figure it out, I'll would be down to do Mma or boxing either like, the P would make it happen. So if if you ever figure out the situation, I think it would be huge. Wait we should... You know what we should do, Jake. While you're next training, I know you're only eighteen days away from a fight. But next time you're training and you want some spa, Flight Romania, and we'll spa, and we'll film it, and we'll decide if we wanna release certain afterwards. But I have no problem. We could have a spa match anytime. That's easy. Right? It's that, but we can't but we can't release it for free. That's like, it's like, giving the people what they want if for for nothing that's kinda crazy. Yeah. That's. Guys. I would love to, you know, How spa too for you with with you guys. Fuck I'll, jake, let's just go to romania and will people go fifty fifty on a jet. Go romania Jake, and I'll will spa. We could do a threes some spa. I'm with it. Why do you make everything sound weird? Dude. I'm down to just far with you guys for fun. Guys being dudes. Anyway, yeah. Latest four aiden. Have you ever been outside you look pale. I actually been outside a long time, but, Jake, Have you know that I'm gonna be going outside a lot more now. And and that's a... Jake made an important point. Because when it comes to fights, He he made it an important point about the people wanna see it, and that's very valuable. So it's not as easy as people think to just fight, there's a whole bunch of promotion behind it and things must be done, etcetera, because if it was that easy. Like I said, Jake, and I could spa, of course, that video would be worth millions of dollars, so we can't just throw it on Twitter for free because the whole world wants to see it. I mean, I... I'd be up for it, but I understand, Jake's professional fighter when you're a prize fight you want a prize. Right? I know we should... I mean, we can still spa, like, that'd be fun anyways. And maybe we put, like, little clips out and not the whole thing or give people a little teaser or something. I don't know. We'll we'll figure it out. We'll no where I I'm... I can't leave the house, Jake. So they're nowhere where I am. I've... I'm not go anywhere. I'm here. Jake. They, you know, they're they're asked andrew they're gonna ask. Still anything updates on fighting ksi. Are you... You... Would choose to be down fight him? Is that still a thing that's gonna happen You down? You know, I've been down. I've been trying to make it happen for a long time, and I think everyone can see that. And he's the one that has always had an excuse with music or touring. And then he wants to drain the weight down to one hundred and eighty pounds, which I agreed to if he wanted to do winner takes all for all the money. And so he says, okay. Sure. We'll do winner takes all he says that on Twitter, and then we go behind the scenes for the note negotiations with his manager. And his manager ducks the whole entire thing. They're, like, oh, no. Not winner takes all, like, only of extra million dollars. So then there's, like, a wait thing going back and forth. And it just seems to me that he doesn't wanna get it done. Are logan and and K really close or is it all just a weird, like, promotional thing? I think it it's it's... They're like acquaintances. Okay. But it is, like this weird thing. But they both kinda like, joke about that. Like, I've seen Logan be like, yeah. We're best friends, like, and kinda say it say it joking. But obviously, their business partners in that that whole entire thing. So Yeah. Interesting. I just thought I'd ask. And I have nothing against Logan either. I think a lot of people think I have problem with Logan. I don't have problems with anybody. I live with a pure heart. I'm a happy man. But I just thought they'd be. I was just curious about that? Because when Ksi is running his mouth to you? I'm like, why is Logan not punching him in the face what the fuck? Yeah. Business, I guess is business. It is it is weird. It puts me in a weird spot because, like, I don't know how to feel But I don't I personally don't like it because it's like, there... Here's this guy that constantly is dragging me down constantly jumping at every opportunity to to pull me down and to def fame me and to say anything bad about me. And then my brother is, like, acting like he's best friends with them. And then, you know when people ask, like, oh, you know, they asked Logan like, oh, who would you pick in the fight and Logan's like, Oh, I don't know. That would be tough for me. Like, no. It's really not like... Wait Wait. And when you ask... Eventually says, like, well, I would have to pick Jake, but he he plays both sides definitely, and it it it does get It does get annoying, but it's like, I also respect his hustle as entrepreneur and as a businessman because he, you know, created this multi billion dollar company now with his enemy. And I can't hate on that. I want my brother to accomplish his goals and I want... I'm happy for him, and he's so successful in doing amazing. And and to me that's... I'm just proud of him. I'm proud to be related to him. I'm happy for him, but definitely, it hurts me sometimes seeing that shit for sure. Why age do you think you're retired, Jake? Man, I have no idea. I I wanna be world champion and and that really is my goal and to prove to anyone that I actually can do it. And to go from a Disney channel kid who, you know, was not in the gym at all to a world champion, I think, would be a remarkable story. And I think it would inspire a lot of other kids to chase their dreams no matter how while they're crazier, sensational that they are. So that's my goal, and I think I could do it in the next three, four years. So probably maybe retire when I'm, like, thirty. Hey. Can I ask you guys a question real quick? When you guys are fighting, like, do you guys you guys develop, like, any problems from it? Like brain damage or anything like that? Like, does it, like, you're... Like, do you guys develop any, like, physical issues? Well, you can be unfortunate, and you can be unlucky and that's the whole thing about fighting that's why it's so universally respected. And I even said I even said this to K. I said it when... Then he replied something stupid because he's low Iq. And I said, ultimately, at the end of the day anybody who enters the ring to a degree I respect because you're putting your ego on the line. And you're also putting your health on the line. It's pretty as close as you can get to the gladiator pit in Modern times. And I know people have entered the ring and and, unfortunately, they've exited, and they've never been the same, and some of them are my teammates and some of them are my opponents and it's sad always. And it's... Yeah. Bad things can happen in there. It's it's it's real. I've been very fortunate, and I wish there was a world in which nobody ever picked up any kind of damage from it. But it's a real possibility you have to keep in mind every time you're training for a fight. So, yeah, it's scary. Gotcha. I think Lean is it worse for your brain boxing though. Facts, me man That's why I kick the cup. Kat, Jake. Are you still with emmy? It's really crazy. I can't. Like, I'm not gonna lie. I can't get away from lean why? You know I'm not. You know I'm not, Jake. I know you're not. It's been a while since we talk. Do you mean? Like, actually. Probably a month ago well, like, a hard heart yeah. True. Yeah. No. I'm not. I'm not... I'm not, Jake. No. No. Yeah. Well, this Youtube boxing thing I is a fantastic opportunity for a bunch of people who are constantly just talking shit to each other to actually do something about it. And I think if people have a genuine issue with each other then they should fight and sort it out. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I think it's that's the best thing about it. And it's interesting to hear what Jake saying about Chaos Not wanting to fight him. Because I think that's fight everybody would really wanna see. I think that's gonna be the biggest one. Perhaps one of the biggest ones you can make right now. For sure, for sure. And, I've done everything. I can to make it happen multiple multiple times but at some point, he has to step up to the plate. And I think at some point it has to happen just for the culture, and I I know he wants it, just a matter of timing and all things considered. Well we'll see. We'll see who's corner Logan's in. Hopefully he's in the right corner because, you know, Brotherhood is the most important thing, and I I think he would... I'd like to believe he would choose you of course, when push came to shove. Yeah. No. I I think deep down he wants me to win a hundred percent, but it's just the way he, like, presents that sometimes. And the... That's what's weird about it for me is he's the one who... When he lost a Ksi, he's, like, you have to go beat him. And that's really at first, like, what motivated me a lot to get into the gym and train so hard So I saw my brother being broken instead, and and the loss was really affecting him, and he was, like, he kinda, like, bestowed this thing on me to, like, go get our family's name back. And so then that's why it's, like confusing for me the situation that they're they're really in. It's logan there now. No. No. He... I mean, he's in Puerto Rico, but he's not at the house right now. I was gonna say hello. Nate Diaz is here. Actually, in Puerto Rico. He's over... He's, like, in the other house over here. Have you seen him training? We go can we get him. Yeah Yeah. Oh, shit. I can get. I can go. You're gonna there? What were Andrew, I'm a big fan the Es brothers Bro. Holy fuck. I think Like, I'm a fan out, I think. Good. Good. They deserve respect. They they trained very hard They They're elections of the sport. Andrew, could you introduce me to them, please? I don't know them. I've never spoke to them before. Why would I introduce you? Oh, okay. Yourself. Alright. You're right. Right. I got this. We nervous over a fucking stream. Looking at computer screen? I'm sorry. Right. My bad. You're nerd bro. Hey. Shot on of dude. You work... Mh. Let's see if page there. What's it. With that fuck, guys? God. Off you go in, and said you... And you said you were nervous. Going on. Hey. I'm a big fan bro. I'm a big fan. I... I'm gonna fuck pussy. I you... I heard you like Jake Paul. I love Jake. That's my brother. But who who ain't gonna win the fight. I gotta go my brother, Jake, man. I'm a wrap my bro. Front you, man. No. But mister Diaz is. You're lucky we willing person stockton slap to fill out two bitch. Mister Diaz has I'm a big fan. You don't understand. Miss have a picture. No. You're lucky. I'm on your bit test dream. Damn bro the fuck? I'm a big fan. I just a picture, please. Fuck about you. Damn. Is that really how it go down, Andrew? Well... By the way, much about. Sorry about that. Dude interesting interest in a triangle in place? Yeah. He's in a bad mood. Man. You know what. I kinda. For a second, I kinda believe that. And because I. And I'll tell you why. I'm I'm from... I'm a bit older. Right? I'm thirty six. I retired when I was thirty, just like you said. And when I was fighting when I was twenty four twenty five. It was before social media. So I turn up to fights, and I didn't even know who I was fighting. Now it's all about who the person is and promo, etcetera. I turn up to a fight in Russia or Moscow. And I'd say to my coach true am I fighting, and obviously, all the Russian names are in Cyril, and we're, like, maybe him, maybe him, maybe him. We we've done out till you getting in the ring and this always the guy you it's the biggest of them all, of course, of one you hope it's not. But there was times where, yeah, I was training in the same place as the guy was fighting or I heard the guy was where me and the guy was fighting warming up in the same room in in S. So there's been times that that shit happened in in the old school of the fight days. Hey, Jake. What do you think is gonna happen in at Ds fight? Man, I think he's gonna be tough, but I'm feeling so sharp right now. I brought in a new team, new strength and conditioning coaches, new nutrition. This is the best I've ever felt. And I'm getting better and better as the rounds go on, so I could see me stopping him in, like, the sixth or seventh round. I just think he's not gonna be able to keep up with my speed and power. Okay. She you're very confident. Like, are you gonna bet on it? I am. I'm gonna go a hundred thousand dollars on you. On god. On god. I wanna see a screenshot of that bet, Ada. I, a post it. Y. When I put a hundred thousand dollar you, Jake, you secure my money. You know, Take you out go out. Take you out. Take me on the date. Bro? Exactly. And Andrew, you, go with us. Unfortunately, due to unforeseen circumstances. I'm not allowed to leave my house. So I'm gonna miss it. But I'll just stay here and I hope you guys have fun. I'm on month six of house arrest so far, and we'll see how long this continues for, So I'm gonna have to miss it unfortunately. Damn. So that's fuck. This really even six months. He's you. She knew a lot of... Do you, like, have the girls over, do, like, do a lot of jerk off. Are you talking to me? Yeah. Yeah. I I have the odd visitor, Jake, and I don't jerk off because it's Har ram, and God is always watching. Right. So that's not something I partake in. I'm allowed visitors. And know how it was with house arrest, like, if you could have visitors or not. Yeah. I am allowed... I am allowed visitors. I you actually help me stop masturbating bidding. Because every time that I would master, I would think of you. And I'm like, no, this is not right. I'm gonna stop. What fuck I said I'm a stop doing this shit now. No. Real. You put in my brain. I never... I haven't done in the months. Swear of guy. I swear of guy. I've haven't done the shit months, bro. Thank you for actually stopping that poor addiction. Fuck. I don't know how man can be addicted to. I don't understand. You must have very few options in your life to find up yourself addicted to porn. I mean, every guy's jacked off from their life before, Bro. But if you're I'm talking about porn addiction. You make it sound like it's something you can't help doing. You must have very few options fans of you end up addicted porn. Yeah. True. I've only been really really severe benedict addicted leave. It's bad, bro. Jake Jake. Jake, I got stabbed by a night before You wanna see it? You gonna check Swear What happened? I was sleeping right? And my my uncle who's was on meth and he stabbed me and my sleep. Or, like, just no reason or he was mad at you or something? Oh, he's on drugs. He thought I work for the Fbi. Yep. It's funny but the hell jake. No. This is this shit you say. It's just like, I don't know if you're like, special or what, but it's just crazy. Oh, it's actually what you say that, Jake, Andrew. I actually figured this out on myself. I'm definitely off in some way. I believe I'm autistic or, like on the spectrum of autism or something. No. I'm not even my joke officer side. Appreciate you not laughing And Jay I don't know why you're laughing. I'm pretty sure autistic. I mean, how are you? Be with you. You're just the outrageous just individually. Really? Kind going. I can't do this. It's also getting me and you. Hey, Andrew. Listen bro. You know what I love you. Right? Officer some real say you're like my big bro. Thank you. I mean, this is where you're supposed say I love you too. You're like, my little brother. You're not like my little brother at all because my little brother is a man of ups outstanding moral character, hard work discipline. You're none of those things. I do have her a little brother. And he's fantastic individual, and you are absolutely nothing like him. If he wasn't a fantastic individual, he wouldn't be able to be my brother. If I had a brother who's was addicted to Lee, I'd kicked the fuck Fair enough. Sorry. It's okay, Jake. So, Jake, how much money do you think it would make if you and I fall? What's your price? What's your price? If we could start on it? I probably, like, one point five million paper view buys at, like, sixty dollars. So, like, ninety million just in paper views, and then probably, like, another five million dollars in gate and then, like, ten million dollars in sponsorships. So, like, a hundred and five million. Hundred million you guys in fight. No. I'm just trying to... I'm trying to calculate because If I had to fight Jake, I'd have to take it very seriously. It'd be a six month training camp. I'd have to go to the Mountains of Bosnia, not too much else. So, yeah. About a hundred million. That's quite a lot of money. I don't I don't know how much these Youtube fights make so far Like I don't know which one's been biggest or how much they made or... But I do think me and Jake would be probably the biggest pull. Well one biggest Crazy. I might even been joking. I don't even know who I would do what I'd hoped for. You guys are both like my boys. Who would you bet on, Aiden? God damn. Fuck. I really said depends will be who's who's training harder. What's really all about. I said this right now I'm a be vocal about it. I don't care if anyone doesn't like it. Right now if Jake and Ksi on the ring Jake's winning. If ksi whoever trains harder would be the winner. I believe if Ksi and Jake on the ring right now, Jake would win. And doesn't mean I have ksi doesn't train harder, he. But you what I mean That's what Saying. It's all about how hard you train. So with that being said, if Kate Trains otter, Pay win. If Jake Trains harder, Take win. That's a cop out answer. It is... I think we should do it regardless. We should definitely do the spa session. Just for even if a video never gets released. Just so between J and I, we can, you know, have... It'll be fun, it could be relatively light lighthearted, but just between J and, it'll be done just for for our own... Sometimes everything's not about clout. And it's not always about the Internet, and it's not always about views. Sometimes it's just, you know, two guys and we're like, you know what? Fuck it. We talked about it a few times. Let's put some gloves on a let's try. Regardless what. May. I think it should be Mma because that would peak more people's interest and it would make things way more interesting. I think that... That's what we should do if we're gonna do it? Do you train Mma now? Or are you still only training boxing? No. I'm only training boxing. But I I could start, you know? Like, if we really were gonna do it, like you said, it would be, like, six months to a year and just focusing on that. Interesting. You Question ask me question. Senator, I got you off, mister Tate. So if I were... Let me ask you a question. How much will you guys wanna get paid to do to do a spa live. I mean, if we're gonna... Yeah. Like, you're gonna tomorrow gonna fight? I mean, what's the exactly. Oh, I see. It's the same... Yeah. Yep. I was saying spa just for... I don't know. I'm sure Jake has plenty of spa partners, but if you want a new one, he's very welcome to in my house. No problem I'd love to. I... Once you're a fight or you always wanna fight. You never go... You never get to an age where you don't wanna fight anymore. You never wake up and go on. I don't wanna fight anymore. It's something that's inside of you and it's always inside of you, and the hardest thing about fighting actually retiring. It's knowing when you should quit. It's very addict and like, fun and something to keep your mind occupied and just, like the glory the training the challenge, like, everything about is is really fun. It's so is it is that addict to, like, once you're a box or, like, the feeling of it. Yeah. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. And hard thing is knowing when to stop because if you go on too long, you have a bunch of losses at the end of your career, and then you wanna retire, then you wanna come out of retirement and do it again. It takes a lot of mental control to decide to stop. I decided that when I was in my early twenties, I was gonna retire at certain age, and I stuck to that, and I finished on a winds streak for that reason because otherwise, they can easily go wrong and you can ruin your legacy, etcetera. It's not easy to do. It's very hard, but you're always gonna want to fight. That's the thing when you're a fight when someone says I'll fight you, part you was always gonna be like, okay. Come and then fight me. This is something that's inside of you he's never gonna go away. So fortunate that time marches is on. Someone once very smart said to me that years come, But they say it's been a year since it's been a year, Something very intelligent and insightful. I can't remember who it was was a philosopher. I think he's... Yeah. I love that one. The... It's been a year since it's been a year. Yeah. It's great. Ever since I heard that, it was really mind blowing. And, unfortunate time march on, and we all get a bit older, so there has a come of point where you decide to stop, But I'm really not that old. People... I talk about myself like I'm old thirty six is old. And ten years or you're like about be fifty bro. It's kinda crazy. Ten years are gonna be forty six. I wanna russell still be on house arrest. Hopefully, not. Knows. Hang not, man. I nearly ate did your did your uncle, I go to jail for stabbing you? I didn't press charges since... Well, he went to jail, and then I said, hey, I'm not put charges, then he went to a mental asylum. Damn Yeah. What's the most traumatic Thing you've ever been to, Jake. I'm just... I'm generally curious. Oh, man. I've been through a lot of shit in my career to be honest. I'm trying to think of the I don't know if I can name, like, one thing specifically. I like, a... There's, like a whole jumble of things. Who who's Erica? They're saying Erica? Erica. Oh, my my ex. My x x. Yeah. I've been through I've been through a lot of fallout with people and, like, crazy shit, lawsuits. Like, whenever whenever I was the the biggest, like, Youtuber, it felt, like, the world was, like, c in on me because everyone just wanted to, like, strip me down and see me fail and makeup rumors is like, it was, like a giant giant target on my back. And every day there was something new to deal with mentally. I think that was like, the toughest toughest part of my life. Gotcha. Have you been canceled before Aid and when were you canceled what before? I was recently canceled for saying there's was two genders in the world. I got canceled for that. I got panel on twitch for that specific reason. I think that's when they started, like, not fuck with me. So that's my recent cancellation. I believe it's been war way more shit. Interesting. I been to jail? Have I ever been to jail? No. I have not been to jail, sir. Trying to avoid av can. Do your best. Okay. Jacob, you're ever to Joe or no? No. Or there you go. So good. And I don't wish on anybody there's I need to go there, but I was just curious. Yeah. I'm on my best behavior. I'm on my best behavior like, lately. I've kept my nose out of trouble for, like, two, three years now. And and I think that's because of boxing. Like, I'm just always focus and it's helped me, like, mature and stuff. So I have a question, which I find interesting. If you lost the next five fights in a row, would you retire? Oh, wow. That would be pretty traumatic, But at the same time, like, Man, I've already exceeded my own expectations in the sport. So, like, I'm I'm happy with where I've gotten regardless of what happens moving forward, to even just beat some of these legends some of mine. Idol, Anderson and Silva to win knock out of the year, cover sports illustrated. Like, I've accomplished my goals and beyond. And I love this sport and it's changed my life for the better. So I think I'll always be boxing, you know, even if it's just staying in shape in the gym, But I've always be a promoter. I have my foundation boxing b, which is, like, opening up gyms across the United States and all these places for under privileged kids to go in and be able to box for free. We're up to, like, seven Gyms now in less than two years. So I just love the sport man. I've I've changed my life for the better and pulled me out of, like, some dark places. So I'll always definitely box. Yeah. I have more questions. I'm probably not supposed to ask, I'm ask him anyway. Drew genuinely dislike Dana? Does that be real? Yeah... No. The beef is definitely real. The beef is definitely real, one hundred percent. And I think I don't know him as a person, so I can't say whether or not I dislike him for who he is in real life, but I dislike his business tax. I dislike that, you know, fighters only get paid fifteen percent of the total revenue. I dislike that he has a monopoly basically in Mma and that the fighters are the ones who lose from that. And these writers are putting their health on the line. They're risking everything. You know, it's the toughest sport in the world. They're paying their own coaches. They're paying their own gym fees in all these other sports Nfl Nba, they get everything paid for, and they make more money. So really, he's been able to take advantage of fighters, and that's what I don't like. And even the fight minimum, you know, the the fighter getting paid twelve thousand five hundred dollars to go in there. That's the minimum that Fighters get paid. So they're the risking in their life basically for twelve thousand dollars. And if he just increased that to fifty thousand dollars. It would change so many fighters lives, and it would only cost the Annually fifteen million dollars, but these fighters would be able to actually afford being able to be full time fighters. So, yes, he's made a lot of money. He's changed the sport. I love what he's done for M and mma. He's made the sport massive. But now it's time to treat fighters better. And that's... That's my biggest problem with him. Do you think you'd still fight if... So my first fight, I got paid a hundred and fifty dollars. Do you think you'd still fight if you were, like, not famous and the... You had to start the bottom and the money was zero and you were still working a job and you were training after the job? Like your first twenty fights. You got paid basically nothing, and do you think you'd still do it? Yeah. I believe my life would have probably always led me to fighting. I truly believe it. It feels like what I was destined to do. It's it's who I am deep down. It is a fighter. So Well, I could tell you taking it seriously. I I genuinely wish you the best. I said it even before we start talking. I wish you the best. I take her taking it seriously, and that's what fighting for, and I respect anybody gets in the ring, and I hope you win I hope you do very well, and I don't know, Nick, and I'm sure he's training very hard as well. It's good... Oh sorry, Nate. It's gonna be interesting to see. That's for sure. That's for sure. I'm no. Jake, I got a session. I got a question. Do you... Tell me Fur, is that... Is the rem match ever gonna happen with you guys ever fight again? That's okay. Yeah. There's there's his talks behind the scenes of it. I know he wants to do it. And it only makes sense. Right? It's one of the biggest pay view fights over the last couple of years. And if there was a split decision to Victory on his end. So I think we need to go back in there and and leave no doubt and really settle it. Gotcha. K. I'm about the... I'm about to go off to to spa here, but it was awesome talking to you guys. Hey, Jake. I love, Bro. Hey, Jake. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. You're go ahead. No. On. No. It's fine. Made didn't go. Oh, jake. I love you Thanks for coming on. Love you, bro. Tech talk to you. Talk you later. Wish you the best. Alright. I'll see you guys later. I'll text you later in. Alright. Peace. Just lost. Yes. I you didn't. Just you and eye I. Listen. Do you wanna do you wanna get on monkey or? You don't even wanna to? Could... We get save for later? It's fine. What? The fuck is monkey. So it's an app. It's called... It's basically like a meg where you and I do up and we talk to, like, other people. Well, like, what just random people? It's like a it's like a meg. Yeah. We, like, connect with other random people exactly. Oh, that sounds so fun, man. Loaded up. Let's do it. That sounds great. You're being sarcastic orange? No, Bro? No seriously. Loaded it up. I I really wanna talk to random people let's do it. Do you not wanna do that? Man, what you mean? Bro? Come on, bro. Squeeze so fun, bro. Load it up. We could just save it for another timers. So why don't why do you do? I thought we're gonna do. It'd be fun. I could just tell you don't really actually wanna do it? Bro. Alright. My you Alright. Go. What man Bro. What do you mean Bro man? Let's do it Bro. Let's talk to all these random people in the internet. You know, I have nothing better to do with my life. It's not like I'm gonna I mean I'm a house arrest, I guess. I'm stuck in the house. It is what one in the morning. It's fine. Come on, bro, man. Let's talk to bunch of random. Bunch of way and broke. Let's do it. I can't wait bro man. I'm so excited. This could be great. Okay. I sent you a link. So you're gonna link. Wow. Cool. What do I? Do I on the link? You... You say you... You're basically just gonna click on that link and... Oh. Okay. Bro. And, when you click on that link, what's gonna happen is it's gonna bring it to the monkey duo site. Okay. I think I found the link. Let me just... Let me just click it. Okay. Could you click Andrew? Andrew. Yeah. You there? Andrew.