This is the world that you know. The world as it was at the end of the twentieth century. It exists now only as part of a neural interactive simulation that we call the matrix. You've been living in a dream world neo. This is the world as it exists today. Work. Desert talk of the real. I noticed only amount of times a band single social media. And I don't exist you anymore that I'm It's fine. I this is the real world. Right? In your night meeting like Freddie Krueger. Well, Tate been banned for a year and a half. I wonder what he's doing. Not knock. I'm coming it off Instagram. The matrix is a system neil. That system is our enemy. When you're inside, you look around, what do you see businessman, teachers, lawyers, carpenters. The very minds of the people we are trying to save, but until we do, these people are still a part of that system and that makes them our enemy. Most of these people are not ready to be unplugged or you listening to me n or were you looking at the woman in the red dress? I was with again. Who is it? We have survived by hiding from them by running from them, But they are the gatekeepers. They are guarding all the doors, they are holding all the keys, which means that sooner or later, someone is going to have to fight them. Someone. Controversial influence and Andrew tate has been banned from Facebook and the Instagram for violating its policies throughout the dangerous individuals. Swine and tate. Extremely through somebody who is using own content he he's to divine lake tiktok me of toxic, masculine asian booted from all platforms. Walmart professional kick boxer, Andrew Tate has been banned from Tiktok, following his fans on Facebook and Instagram. Gotcha. I don't feel like platforming this guy. The social media platforms have made it very clear how they feel about this. Guy Right? Put a little call out here to, like, fellow creators. You wanna rep platform this guy? Anyone. Logan Paul, the Youtube stars who has millions of young followers came under fire posting an alarming video showing the body of a person who took their own mind. This has been to be honest with the hardest time in my life. Never been hated by the whole world. He was top g. He was the guy that could show you how to do it. Youtube, you got rules and I'm here to follow, and I ain't fucking with any I like the platform. Right. And the steak, do we have a deal? Just reading. I know this steak doesn't exist when I put it in my mouth. The matrix is telling my brain that it is juicy and delicious. You know what I realized. He ignorance his political. Yeah. We're caught the matrix. I'm gonna fuck. It's great here. They face the stages that lynch That we have a ego as much as he talks about being outside of the matrix. Now you're outside the club, and we hear you complaining anything that you can't get in. They kill socrates because he's corrupting the youth before. See you had one young men to look up to anybody. The left wants to turn young men into. Young women. Yeah. You have these huge tech companies censoring outright literally erasing somebody. That's wrong. This is stage one of a free step there's nothing I can say that we'll explain it to you. Come with me. See if we use it. This is my ship. Here we are we're back. For another emergency being live. And before we go to the mister producer thing. I want you all to notice something. Those of you who are especially will notice that I no longer have a screen here. I used to have a screen here, if you noticed I don't anymore. Because I'm such a good producer now that I do it without looking invisible, invisible producing. I don't even see what I'm doing anymore. I just moved the mouse and I understand what the computer below does because I can track the mouse in my fucking mind because I'm a genius. I thought what you're Bam. So we're here live from Book Romania and the Internet it's currently exploding. It's on fire. Why is on fire? Because I just finished well in fact, it was actually last week. I finished I did a interview with Piers Morgan and it's just gone out into the into the matrix. The matrix has put the video out there. They edited it by about fifty percent. They removed most of my good points to tried to make me look as bad as possible, and they put my... I don't think look bad at all. Neither to do lie. They tried very hard to make me look bad. To be to be honest with you, like I don't wanna insult peers, peers and I have disagreed on a bunch of issues Throughout history. We've been on a bunch of stuff. I don't know if you knew that before I got there. But me and peers have argued for years and years, especially when my I back out a Twitter account. And I've disagree disagreed with it massively also throughout this scam pandemic because he was super take the experimental drug and I was against it. But and I also something you discuss on the show. But before the show, to be to give his credit. He said, listen, we're gonna do this show for the for the viewers at home. Let's try not to make a shouting match. And I was like, okay. That's fine. And I agreed, but that means every time he talks, you have to shut up. So it's very difficult to even get a point across. And I'm very happy that ninety nine percent of the comments on the video are people saying, you didn't let him talk. You didn't let him talk. He didn't let him talk. To be fair. He he let you talk enough. I've seen him do that with some... With with some people. Tell me Robinson a few others where he just literally showered to them for twenty minutes. And and you called them out that years ago. To be there, you got some very, very good points across and But he didn't let me talk more because he knew that the more I talked, the more of more the more of the people at home will understand me, but the overall public reception is very, very good. That the people understand that I was unfairly treated unfairly banned. And he does agree with that to be fair. And he does agree with that. Yeah, to be fair. And most of the people at home understand that. And that was very interesting. The matrix itself has banned me on masse and lied about me with a huge smear campaign trying their very best to convince the populist Am evil, and they have failed because ninety nine percent of the comments you read about me on any video about me are positive. Every single person is saying good things. You know it's even funny. Someone sent me a I don't have this for the mister producing, but someone sent me a screenshot of the comment section of who's that guy with the long hair who is obsessed with girls being better than him at driving. You know, hey L3 freeze. The door yeah. That door. So he he's ob obsessed. He's always every five seconds. Girls drive better than me Girls started button and guy's weird. And he makes videos about me, and all of his comment section is people disagreement with him. Any video I make, everybody who agrees and says top g. That is making videos about me, and all his own fans are calling him a loser. Imagine... But no. Imagine No. No. Viewers. Viewers. Viewers. Fans don't say fans. We have fans. They have viewers. But imagine sitting on the Internet all day every day. Imagine being him. Right? He wastes his life during reaction videos. He doesn't do any of the cool shit he'd we do. He doesn't go on yacht to the fly around a private jet. He's doesn't live a fun life. He's sitting during reaction videos all the time, and that's his life. And most of the comments on his own videos are calling him a loser. Like is he... Is that just something I like to be abused shit Is there some self mattresses system weird? Like... Because he wears dresses as well. I put the picture before. He likes to wear his dresses and he's obsessed with girls being better him at driving. Is it just like a submissive thing? People are saying that my mic is off. People are saying my mic is off, they can still hear real. My is Microsoft. Have you mister a producer this the wrong way, and I... Is my sound off Out of my mistakes. Tap the mic. Well, I'm gonna talk... No. It should be fine. Okay. Well, no. Alright. We're ignoring you, you would still hear me. Everyone can ever everyone can hear me it's a bit muffled whatever. If everyone can hear me okay. It's fine. Fine. Ladies gentlemen. Everything everything's good. Yeah. Here's Morgan. I actually really like the interview. I think it was great. I think that he came at you at as he probably should have with some of the hardest misconceptions and the biggest out of context start points. But that's... I think what the audience and a lot people who are unfamiliar with who you are really wanted to see. So I think he did a good job. The two stupid things he did. I would say stupid. Trying, you know, ask, you've been you've been in on Alex Jones podcast. You agree with this? One thing he did I didn't really know about that by myself either. You've done Vice. You've done Piers Morgan. Do you agree with everything they say, of course, not? And one of the other things, why did he ask you and we're gonna touch this topic because this was a topic We never touched before. Ever on on any emergency being. Why did he ask you what you think of transgender? What he's trying to do is... Why? I'll tell you why? Because the matrix... We've never discussed trans No, but Tell you exactly why he did it. I have currently exhausted the ammunition. The matrix has against me. They have bill up a bunch of ammo, trying to convince insta world but I'm dangerous to women. I'm a miso. They've loaded their clip, and they've fired every single fucking bullet in the gun at me. Talk g. I stood there, let Neo, but I'm not neo Morph. And I absorb all the bullets and refused to die. What they want to do is hope I make a mistake. So they asked me loaded questions like, where I think a trans people, so I can sit there and say, well, I don't agree with that. So they could start a new campaign, controversial kick, and well known miso who's now anti trans people and they can start all over again. They're trying to make me make a mistake because they can't print the same story twice. And their old stories are boring, and wants to hear it anymore someone everyone knows a fucking line. You know what? So they're trying to trap me and that's why I didn't answer the question because I know exactly what he's trying to do. And, you know what, the, for the record, I have one of the most simplified opinions on trans people that I don't understand that most people don't get. Most people don't like to talk about. If plastic surgery is readily available in a capitalist society, and a surgeon is willing to fix your nose straight, give you fake tits of do leg extensions for men. If all these surgeries are completely per on the free market and a and adult individuals to plan. Adult individual decides to go and get that surgery done. The fuck would I have the problem without anymore than I would put the girl. But they don't care. They don't care about our genuine opinion in. They're trying to. They're trying to set a trap, trying to find new ammo. That's what the May has been doing against me for a very long time. I went everyone out home to understand something. I know. I'm the one who's been living this reality. You guys have been tuning in for the show, but I I've got canceled nearly two months ago now, and I've been living this reality. I've been dealing with the consequences I've being canceled on masse. I've been dealing with the consequences of reporters contacting. Everyone has ever known me. Try to get stories about me, they don't exist. People trying to lie about me. People being bribe and offered huge amounts of money to tell stories that aren't real. I've managed to contain and control at all. Every single interview is a trap. Every single matrix led opportunity is a trap, all of it. People understand how difficult is to sit there, listen to a guy who constantly interrupts you, answer his questions. And the reason, the reason I... If you actually analyze very carefully. There was a slight micro second in some of my delivery, which is unlike me is because I was analyzing his speech for traps. I knew what he was trying to do. I'm trying to make sure that they don't get a new bunch of Ammo to restart the machine because the machine is almost out of fuel. They have nothing more they can do. They have nothing more they can say to me. The machine almost not fuel. It's done. So because of that, they're trying very hard to try and buying something and get something. So I'm very, very careful. So that's why the entire retina is blowing up. But all the comments are positive completely unlike the guy who's... The guy wears to address who loves it. Loves girls to be in charge him. He must love it be Love be up my girls. No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry... I know I know you told me not to go down this room. I remember. The one word he always says about driving his empirical evidence, empirical evidence empirical evidence. And it's annoying because he talks about crash statistics as though that's the metrics of a good driver. There are no... You know there are no female and male segregation and driving. It's a completely fair battlefield. I'm like basketball, I'm like running, Unlike swimming, and of the seven hundred and seventy one formula one drivers that they've I've ever been in history of the sport. Five have been women. So, like, empirical evidence, shouldn't he just, like, agree that he's wrong? The guys loser. Never... He's not like his whole thing. His own fans hate him to the point that his pinned yours. Viewers. His pinned to comment on his own video is, oh, go defend andrew tape below. Like, he he he imagine imagine giving up your life internet, and nobody even likes to. Imagine Spending three hours here and everyone talking about how h street hates tree. We the opposite. Everyone's here saying we're top g's and those guys are losers. And they're sitting they're just getting insult. I think they like being abused. And I think I think the he's Yeah. He's a submissive. He's a fan of your favorite rapper who will get to in a minute after a few super chats. Yep. Hey. I'm eighteen I'm making fifty dollars inside of the stops campus. I'm fifty dollars a day. I won't, you know, wanted to know your thoughts on doctors. I wanna become one because my brother died of cancer. I think my friend, I will tell you that the world needs doctors, being a doctor is a very, very noble profession. I I would definitely pursue private medicine as opposed to working for a national health service, you can still be outside of the matrix and pursue, you know, your cancer research... And what you wanna do. And I think that is a very inspiring story. You know, your brother died, I can't imagine how how painful for that must have been. And the fact that you wanna dedicate your life to make you sure other people don't feel that loss is is incredibly noble and I wish you the best of luck my friend. A hundred pound super tech, mister Producer, you can reply that one. I will reply to that one. Guess I'm gonna reply. He makes the best shows. I do though, don't I? No you do. Do I make the best shows? So speaking of sad and satan and all things evil and wrong with this world. Your favorite rapper challenge you out. Did you see it? Yeah. I did favorite rapper. That that rapper who you super like? He's not my favorite rapper. Is your favorite rapper. I is. Let me see if I can find it. I know if I can make I it film on the screen though. So it's here. But in Lil No. Lil No shouted me out. Rapper. Yeah. When I... When I... The piers mortgage interview currently go massive. And in the Piers mortgage interview, I said, people like, Lil No are more detrimental. So than me because he was literally t on the devil. And I don't know why people are trying to pretend that I'm the most difficult and dangerous man in the world for some reason when people like Him are prop that to the the youth of the they were saying that my content can be misunderstood by the youth and I said, well, all content can be misunderstood by the youth. But there are people just as famous as me, who were doing things which I truly believe are genuinely detrimental and and Neil Nas, he he he did some tweets saying, bro, hey stop talking about me. I'm not gonna let you smash. Lil Nas, I don't want to have sex because My homosexual. The point I'm trying to make is my friend, and this is genuine. This is not an insult. This is a genuine conversation I wanna have with you. You may think it's artistic, and you may think it's cool, but doggy style sex with the devil is nothing other than degenerate. And I know when you're young, you may think that those kind of things are like, here we go. You may think those kind of things are edgy And it's important that we break social stereotypes. It's actually disgusting, and there's no need to insult Christianity like that, and there's also no need to worship the devil like that. Nothing good can come from being an absolute to degenerate. And thinking that having anal sex, doggy style with the devil is somehow good for the world. This is not about gay. He was not about straight. I wouldn't have sex with a female devil. Yeah. I wouldn't have sex with a... He's young. That's why. Yeah. I wouldn't have sex with a female devil. I have a massive influence. I would never promote satan. I would never promote anything to do with the devil. I think that any... That doing that is largely an absolutely irresponsible And let me tell you what's actually cool. Nas or little Nas. What's cool is promoting people to be good to each other and to be nice to each other. And you can sit Aaron and say, well, I'm intolerant because I'm not tolerant if you have sex in the devil. The devil in and of themselves is an intolerant being. If you believe a tolerance, you must believe in God. You can't be out here promoting these things. What you're doing is genuinely disgusting. And what's happened is this? He didn't come up with this idea. Someone above him came up with this idea. Some artistic producer, some record producer. Someone came to him and said, this is gonna be cool. This is gonna break the internet. Long. You're young. You're young. He's impression, you're gonna have sex of the devil is gonna break the Internet. And he's too young to know better, so he did it. And my my advice to you, Little nas x is that you're gonna have a legacy who's you're a famous person, and you live in a very special life. You're gonna be remembered for a very long. You don't wanna be remembered for these. You wanna be remembered for your kindness and your grace. And when people come to you and try and use you and abuse you because you're in naive because you're young and say, have sex the devil on camera because they have alter remote, you need to sit them and say, no. I don't think my young children fans need to see me having anal sex with the devil. I think that's a bad thing to do. And I can interject right here by saying, fucking old town road was a bang. It was a bang, and there was nothing degenerate in that video or about it. It was playing from the United States to Romania to South Korea. I heard that song everywhere. I enjoyed that song. You're obviously you obviously have the talent thing There's no need for this kind of behavior. There's no need. So please clean your out though. Don't let them abuse you. Because they're gonna convince you that it's artistic or it's funny. It's not funny. This does nothing cool about that. That's what I'm saying. That kind of content genuinely dangerous. That kind of content to kind of stuff you don't want children seeing. And that's why, I mean, his reply is something about how... How I... I'm most obsessed with the when I'm sex him. I haven't mention the guy. I'm just giving him advice as an older man to a younger man. Right you're being used, you're being used to promote satan. And the reason they are trying to promote satan is the same reason they're trying to promote a bunch of other things. They want to destroy all morality. They wanted to destroy all morality on nearly every level by destroying the baseline of morality amongst the populous it allows you to be completely open to the slave mind programming. You're trying to empty your brain. If you have morals, if you have things you believe in. If you believe in certain actions and acting and conducting yourself in a certain way. When they try and come at you with slave mine programming. There's a certain not programming you're gonna reject because it's gonna go against your morals. It's gonna go against your morality by destroying all of that by saying you have no morals. You don't believe in anything. Nothing you think is wrong is real. That's all stereotypes. That's all intolerance. Let's completely empty your brain. They wanna empty your brain so they can inject new programming. That's it. You need to have some morals to stand on. I wish the best of luck And that's the thing. That's why people don't understand whether I here trying to destroy morality. They're trying to convince women to be prom. They're trying to convince men to be weak. They're trying to convince you not to believe in god. Trying to convince you the devil is good. They're trying to convince you all of these things because then you have no baseline. Listen look at me. Right? Takeaway away religion. I believe in strength. I believe in being as strong as I can mentally and physically. They don't like that because by believing in that, when you come along and tell me a lie, I prepared to stand up and say, no, I believe you. My mind is too strong, and my body is strong enough to fight you. I don't believe you're lie. They don't want that. They want you weak, depressed empty for programming. They don't want to believe in God. That's why they promote the devil. They don't want to believe in harmonious san... The san entity of marriage. They don't want you to believe in having a woman that you truly love and care about. No. They believe in women just sleeping with everybody. You just sleep with everybody, absolute d generation? Because if you don't care about anyone else, why would you stand up and revolt? Why would you stand up and protect society and you don't care about anyone but you're fucking self? They're trying to abs assess you with selfish ness. It is all scam and Little Nas x doesn't even realize any of this. He's too ignorant to understand why they're telling him to fuck the devil for kids to watch. They're doing it because they don't want the children to grow up with morality, and you are part of that, and that's gonna be your legacy. You don't snap out of it. You... You're better than that as a person. I believe time road. I'm But truly, I don't believe little Nasdaq is truly evil. I think he's ignorant and he's been used by people above who are truly libre. And he's to stand there and realize that he is a a pawn in a game. And needs to be smart than that and be a positive influence for all of his young fans. That's the that's the danger shirt in the Internet. Not why I'm saying. Agreed. Agreed. And we've had plenty of opportunities to sell soul ourselves. You know, it was funny It's funny It's... I was listening to Kat Williams talk. Kat Williams was talking about other comedian. And how they sold their souls out. I mean there are certain people like, Jim Jeff completely change his act completely change the... Jim Jeff. What he did away what eat. Wow. Have sold his soul. Full liberal money. See now complete cow. That Williams was saying Williams was like listen. People like Dave Chappell, he lives in Oklahoma on a farm for a reason. He's not interested in their shit. He walked away from their shit. I had to make fun of their shit, and then they came at me. And now, I've got a little bit respectful for him. So there are people in this world who don't sell their soul, we're special out to dave ship all Kat williams, etcetera. But, man, to watch other comedian do is ridiculous. And even at the point that we're are getting at in fame, the offers that are coming along to promote certain things. I don't know if you wanna say them. I don't think we should. But we've been offer tens of millions of dollars to promote certain things that we believe are gonna influence the youth in a negative way, and what have we said? No. Never. They have tried to... From simple things like crypto pump and dump scams and we're refused. I refuse to have a single person who is a fan of mine lose money because I made money. If you buy one of my products is gonna make your life better. I'm not gonna sit here and promote some coin knowing that some people are gonna win, but some poor innocent guy gonna believe in me, but his lap money in and it's gonna dump and he's gonna lose. Yeah. I'm a Logan Paul. I don't do pump and dump crypto scams. I'm not Jake Paul with this fucking lying in enough teeth. I'm not these clowns. I'm a person of integrity doesn't need money. I will not let single parts who believes in me lose money because of my words. I refuse to sit here and sell you guys to gamble. I refuse to sit here and sell you trash. Energy drinks. I refuse to sit and sell you bad food. I refuse to sit and sell crypto pump dumps. I refuse to sell any bullshit. I will not sell my soul. That's it. If you believe in Kate, your life is gonna get better. Every single one of my fans is gonna have a better life for listening to. Their mind's gonna be stronger. Their wallet gonna be stronger, but body is gonna be stronger. I want people to walk down the street and look at a guy who who's was clearly winning in life. Getting out of the lamborghini with a punch of muscles in a halt bitch and you go, that is an Andrew tate fan. I don't want anything negative attached to my name. I will not sell myself for money. And and I don't give a fuck. What fucking organization came along for five hundred million dollars. I would not fuck. A female devil no matter how beautiful she is on any video ever because it is... Detrimental to society. It's disgusting in the face of God. I know I'm a a positive force to the world. The reason I know a positive force for the world is because of the way they attacked me. They don't attack... They wouldn't attack me this way unless I was a good force for the world. The way they've tried to destroy me is is satanic in and of itself because they know that I'm a good person, and they don't want me out here teaching a morality. That's why they're trying to get rid of me. Right, let me get through some of these super chats. Right. Everyone, spread this around the matrix like the video, etcetera. X z five. How is your day top G's. Can't wait for Dubai. How do I get an audio autograph the graphic managers Jason. There'll be news update that very soon. So please watch this space. Andrew this is Russian x fire, Mike spoke to you. If you remember I joined the War room. We were talk about, how how after we talked, I could not be more happy. It's just a beginning God bless you interest in. Thanks you very much Mike. There's a hundred dollars goes to Joe Fine. And, absolutely. It should be massive... Yeah. Massive respect. Anyone who joins the war room, You're not gonna be disappointed. War room is an organization of men who think like, I think. I say, all the time. You are the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. So spend time with men of integrity, men of honor, men who have their life and, men who are making money. That's what the war about. You go to corporate tape dot com drop... Join my private organization, and that's where the real change is happening in the real world. Came of kings of twenty one and local contractor in my area. Scale my company is six figures but had a huge downfall. What do you think about this? Look, good. You're twenty one. You're twenty one. We scaled companies to relative large sizes and then they fucking collapse. Before we were returning your a child. You have all the time in the world. Fine. Good for you. And that's a learning curve that is more valuable. Let me tell something. That is a experience that as more valuable than any business degree. You have run a company, the company did well, the company didn't failed, the company is now collapsed. Hopefully, you're not in that serious debt. But even if you were thirty thousand dollars debt. You're an executive same position at the same age as somebody who has just finished a basic business degree as local university, and you are more armed and capable of dealing with running your next business they're the person who did that. So congratulations to you. Hey Bill, do you just give a shout to the Mon Legion in stockton campus cheers. I don't even know what that means. But, yeah. Shout out to the Mon Legion. The Mon Legions now then they're in the stocks campus. I know, okay. I'll, oh, yeah. The... Yeah. Sorry. I get it. I get it now. I get it. So we half a second. Lovely. Asked, Tristan, are you a Lucid dream? I, I don't wanna talk about my dreams. I I live my dreams. I I I I I I dream my dreams by night and live my dreams by day? I think that's a quote that I actually came up with. Let's get you a few more of these. What you're picking on vegan ism Most subscribed Mtv and Youtuber just called Banned on Youtube for nothing about, you know, just talking facts about vegan ism and gender tools. What do you... What are your opinion Well, I'll tell... I'll tell you my... My... The reason... The reason I'm anti Vegan is because it goes against law of universal of laws of Reality. The idea that you don't have to kill something for you yourself to live and survive is as. Every single thing that exists on the planet has to destroy something else for it to exist. Plants destroy nutrients to exist. Stars absorb other stars to exist. For you to exist as a sovereign individual if you'd exist as an entity you must destroy something else. You destroy plants, even if you don't destroy animals. And it's And insects Beaver and worms. And old for you're been interested. Something is going to die so you can live this a fundamental your law of the universe because A realist our refuse to live in a world where I ignore these fundamental laws. It may be unfortunate, but there's no nice way to die. I will sit and watch video of a Slaughter house while eating a buck of Kfc chicken with absolutely no remorse. There is no nice way to die. There's is only life and death. These animals must die so I can survive. The reason that vegan is being p reported and propagated by the matrix is because they don't want you to eat meat. They want you to eat vegetables. They want you to eat soy because it's gonna lower your testosterone levels? What did I say earlier about how they do not want you strong physically. If you eat a bunch of meat, eighty percent of my calories are from me. People always say to me the time, Tate. How do you have such a good and all you do is drink. Well, firstly, not all I do is drink. Secondly, I built it when I was young training like an animal that's easy to maintain. Thirdly, I'm on absolutely no testosterone drone replacement. I'm thirty six. And my testosterone levels of the absolute upper echelon in the limit. I have no testosterone replacement, no pills, nothing. No protein shake nothing. I'm building my own supplement line now. It's the only one I'm gonna start taking. And I eat a bunch of meat. I'm a meat. Eighty percent of my calories comes from me. Yeah. I I I don't... And people say, I have meat too. A hamburger meal is not meat. That's a little bit of meat... A bunch of bread and French fries. No. Three steaks. Three steaks. No rice. Done. That's how we eat. Tobacco. They don't want you strong. They want you weak, and that's why they're promoting this vegan is garbage. Every single thing that the matrix p supports. Every single thing that the matrix is telling you to do is designed to make you weaker and easier to program. There trying to make your mind empty, you must resist a slave mine in the interest of spreading this positive message about eating animals. I'm gonna give you guys an argument to take home that I think is original to me. I think I came up with it, You know, somebody decides not to eat me. And they really say I don't wanna eat me. I don't think it's it's it's for me. That's fine. But when the vegans go too far is when they say, humans shouldn't eat me, no human on earth should eat me. Bring up the mass tribe, The mass... Not just a tribe. The mass are people. That and have it most of West Africa from from from Nigeria all the way down the south Africa. And these people have a very ingenious way of living. What they do is essentially, they have cows, cattle with them and they walk around with the cattle. And the capital eat, the, in edible plants, thorn, grass, things that humans can't eat in land where humans cannot grow food, and then they live up the milk and the blood of those cows. There is no other way for that that human species. Now, that human population. Drive, which has been around for longer than any anymore on civilization by the way to flourish and and thrive in that area without this ingenious way of recycling plant proteins through their cat. I think it's absolutely genius. So if you think everybody should be vegan these people aren't in the privileged position where they can go to whole foods. They are in the privileged position where they can go to the the local supermarket and eat whatever they like and buy all the fuck vegetables and fucking tofu. So take the argument home and anytime any idiot says that every human on Earth. Should be a vegan. Please mention the aside track. Charge for the side. Probably not watching this for whatever. Yeah. I don't think so. No. I don't think so. I really don't. Right. So next thing I wanna talk about quickly while we're here is... We're talking about d democracy. And a lot of people misunderstand me. Right? The people who are inside the matrix are convinced that I'm anti women, which is nothing... There's nothing further from the truth. Yeah. I'm just prom men. I'm pro men to the point where I believe we should protect and provide for women. When I say things like, I don't let women drive me in cars. They think I an insult to women. What I'm saying is, I'm so good at driving because it's something I've trained and studying and honed. I have twenty eight super cars. I do ice driving tracks. I drive tracks in reverse. I've done eva driving. I've done mil driving. I've fired guns from Car. Anyone's one's told me for a long time and seen me dude shooting at targets as I drive. I've done all of it. I am so good at it that I don't want the girl to drive. I wanna drive to make sure that she is safe. It's the opposite. I take responsibility. I'm a man absolute responsibility for situations for his life. I'm super and utterly prom men. The people who dislike me can't even say why they dislike me. Because a guy on Tiktok who goes around asking people. Do you have you heard of tate? Yeah. Do you like him? Yes or no and they usually say no. And he asks them why and it's truly beautiful. Watch this. Do you guys know who he is? Yes. Do you like him? No. What? I don't know if he's weird. He talks about about woman. Just one one good reason why you don't like it. Just one. Just one. I know you have many. Just one. No. Okay. Alright. Thank you. They can't think of a single reason. They hate me, but they don't know why. Name one bad thing he said about women? Like, they're... It's like the slave mind. Do you see what I'm saying when I say you must resist a slave mind. These people have had their minds wiped. Like fucking men in black when they flash that thing in front of your eyes. They've had their minds white. Theirs are the same people who don't believe in god that don't be morality, and don't be in a good person. They don't believe even being strong. Look at their face. You can instantly tilt looking at these people they're not a fan of mine. When you see somebody on Internet and there's a video by entertained, you can tell by the thumbnail if they're a fan or an enemy. You could see right away. I've seen them go around Gyms, and the answer is overwhelmingly different to the people seal lip caps. Completely. The people who are complete fucking nobody's, they're the ones who are like, no, takes bad takes bad takes bad. These people you can tell by looking at them have no substance to them. To the people who blindly believe everything they're told about the the pandemic and blindly believe other than they're told the news. They have no opinions. Their minds have been wiped, and they are slave minded, watch again? I that yeah. Do you like them? Not really. What? I don't know I'm. That. Do you know what amputee is? Yes. Do you like them? Now. Why? Because he fucking dogs. Okay. That's not of reason. Dude do have a reason why I don't like them? He's an a miso and ass. I question. Why do we like go? Think he's a fucking asshole. I don't Can I get a reason? There's enough When they empty your brain, they will inject the slave mind when they destroy your morality, they're even attempting to destroy your own faith in your own eyes when you see somebody, and you assume correctly because every single other time you've assumed such circumstance in your life about this person's gender, you've been correct. You assume they were born one biological sex or the other, and they tell you you're wrong. They tell your eyes are wrong. Allows Your brain is wrong. Do you understand that they're doing this so that when you can't trust your own eyes that they can just tell you the most blatant lies in the world and you have to believe them. If you can't believe your own eyes, then what can you believe? Your own perceptions don't matter. That's why when I was arguing with that guy wears dresses, and I was saying, I've seen more bad driving from women. He's like, put the evidence of the evidence the other crying his eyes out. He believes what he's told. Evidence is that matter Better. It it doesn't matter. Yeah. You're right. But let's just stop beside the point. He has seven injections. He believes what he's told. He's a slave. He's a slave mine. He can't think for himself. It doesn't matter how many times he sees bad driving from a woman. He believes the narratives. Why he's an agent of the matrix because he's not smart enough to think for himself. They are trying to empty your brain and inject. So you end up like these clowns. These clowns who say they dislike me. Can't even say why. If you ask me why I dislike somebody or something. I'll tell you exactly fucking why. Yeah Exactly. These people are sitting here with strong opinions. They have a strong opinion that they can't subs. Imagine being so programmed that you have strong emotions around the subject, and you don't even know why. I'll of it up, he get some super checks done. Sorry. That they're all building up because people know. Super we're only gonna... We're... Yeah. We're only gonna do super chat about fifty dollars an now. So we... Last one. You guys are legit First Cassie is one the true science that you were being called to do god's work. You've inspired me to start my own rumble. I've sent this one because Wanna do a shout. I wanna do is a quick shout out to Rumble and all the good work they're doing. And I think on any good platform on a good platform, you need discourse. You need people who think One way and people who think another way. You know who's recently just moved to Rumble, A guy who I would probably disagree with on ninety percent of issues, but Russell brand has moved across to Rumble because he just being a a a normal thinking guy questioned the pandemic response. Although Disagree disagreeing that with Russell Brand on nineteen percent of what he says, He was correct about something. He said I don't think... I don't think this response was quite right. Youtube started fucking with his channel. And Russell Brand is now on Rumble, and we welcome him him because I welcome anybody as far after as far right, who disagrees with me if they have a valid opinion that they wish to voice. You're welcome on this platform, and that's why Rumble is so fucking fantastic. And that's why you're always gonna find the best ferris, most well balanced mix of content on this platform. So shout to Rob. You know what? I said something just there that I've been thinking about why you were talking. And it's absolutely inherently true. Imagine having... I'm gonna say again. I said it once I'm say again, Imagine having a strong emotional response to a subject, but you don't understand why. When somebody mentions a subject and you're like, no. And you're angry, and they ask you why and you can't say why in any kind of coherent way. If you can't subs your emotion in any regard, you have been completely programmed by the matrix. That is that they control your emotions and you don't even know why that is absolutely an utterly slave minded. It's crazy. And this guy is an entire tiktok channel He walks around asking people why they dislike me. And none of them have a fucking answer. It's truly incredible. All the people who like me can say why they like me, but this this These these people, my enemies, my haters, they literally don't have a clue why. There's also another guy wanna shout quickly he's doing some good work on. I'm very fixes. But this mike in the middle. Don't a time. Let me find this guy. It excuse me everybody. Does anyone now who you take you would you guys like to sign a petition to bad here from. The reason why you is your guys like to sign petition to un ban here from Instagram. Now, get the top g. Happy you have a guy. The reason why you can have a spaghetti is because the Top g has all the guys. Excuse me everybody. Does anyone know who Take is. Would you guys like to send his petition to ben him from Instagram? He might be. He might be you of the week. Yeah. I mean, he might be g the week because I like I like the work he's doing. He's out there. Do you have a guy know. How gonna have a beg spaghetti of takes band? He's right. Do you have a spaghetti at home, all my haters. None of them have one? None of them. Guys of g. So he's at B g, The other guy's waking people up to the absolute and Insanity. Now do you know what he does? Walks around the at Usb stick. He asked people why they hate me. And when can't answer. He gives them an Mpc stick. You, you have Usb stick. Calls him an Mpc has put up their ass and it it'll rewrite their programming. Got the g. Total g. But that's what you have to understand. You know what I saying earlier about. You can tell by the people who like me and dislike me just by how they look and if they have the life together, the number of people, the number of girls who stand up for me. Every single girl stand up me tall. All the ugly girls hate me and all the hot chicks Like me. How the men that don't like how you cake. Or always like, are trying to gain brownie points with This batting. Round them in order to sleep with them? We don't want you bro. You should listen to the top g. Make. To how the men that don't like out. She's smoking hot. All the hot chicks love me. All the ugly girls are like, he's dangerous to him and all the hot girls are, like, don't tell me you hey annotate trying to beg on some pussy. Even this chick, she's done a video that does kinda support me means She also seen some doctor smart about the... She does whole bunch of stuff, blah blah. Rockefeller found... She's on education. Who also got Five. But unlimited gross for. He would go to donate over one point two seven million dollars. This is Baby. Need to find a man like take right here. I know Anger got Instagram and was wondering how do I contact because they don't Instagram tristan part the number on. He saw instantly something happen. You think over the world. You don't you don't need any substitute. Now, instagram Tal man when we get contact with Andy. If you look like this, I will pass your details on. If you look like a geek. I will ignore your message. Let me just get this to Jackie. I'm making take tiktok account take for friends, screw andrew just take a president, Vice President of the United States with a follow to my website. Shadow ban now. Bro, that's the way it is Take for perez. So shout to that channel. Everyone checking it out, Shadow band right now. Take four wordpress dot com. It's a Tiktok page. So go check out that guy's videos. But, yeah, The people who dislike me, man. They're all the same. They all look like that fucking the the guy the... Yeah. The dress wear, the dude L3 friend. Like he just tell he's just sad inside. He has sad eyes. His little glasses, and he's, like sitting. Just miserable. Just so these people are just unhappy. They say, hey, never comes from above and it's so true. I've never met a guy. Like, since up in Van. Right. I'm at Patrick Bed David He's a g. I'm talking to... I... I don't wanna say much. I don't wanna do a bunch of name drops. But literally, the most famous people on the planet that I'm talking to you now. They've all reached out to me them all show support, literally as whether they're Hollywood A list, whether they're sports stars, whether they're fighters, boxer, whatever. Everyone who's a g loves me. The only people who hate me are just complete losers. It's it's it's it's amazing because although I an iron mind, and although I am the most ind individual person on the planet. It's been amazing throughout the height of this matrix shit storm to have endless support from all of life's winners. And then when I find a hate video about me, it's some bitter little Cock in his bedroom with a Youtube channel who does endless Youtube videos. And when when most of the people on his own videos Even like to dude. I would never wanna be him. He's physically unattractive. He's weak. He's fat. He's stupid. He's never fall. He's never been the cage. Not no balls, no bravery. Like, there's nothing good about these people. It's completely crazy. There's actually a word for people who perform for a living, and have no act actual fans. People who perform for a living and have people mock them and laugh at them and spend all of their time and effort, doing these performances despite the fact that everyone laughs at them are called clowns. That's what they are. They are clowns. I would not sit here for a single fucking second if everybody in this chat was calling me named. Did everybody in this chat was just with what I said, I'd be like, you know what? Let me go and work on myself. To be less of a clown and less of a dis dislike person before I try to broadcast myself to the world. I would certainly go and do some self reflection at least, but they don't do they. They don't. That's not what clowns do. They just, you know, another layer of makeup, stand up stage, squeak your fucking nose. Yeah. There are clowns talking of the matrix. I've found something that's absolutely truly disgusting. I wanna a show here. Look at this. Watch this video here. And people go, well, Andrew, why is Andrew sticking up for men. I'll tell you why. It's videos like this is why I'm sticking up for men. Let me find it here. Look at this. This is why I'm sticking up for men. On Piers Morgan I just did it, and I said the me too era is dangerous, and that people shouldn't be able to accuse men without evidence. And he said, oh, you believe in rape. I don't believe in rape. I think Rape pitt should get the death penalty. I just don't believe in attacking men for no reason without evidence and destroying her lives, watched look at this. A group of girls said a male classmates essentially sexually assaulted them. He was escorted from school in shackles, charged with crimes, spent entire summer indoors with an ankle monitor, finally the girls... They made it up because they didn't fucking like him. And I admit. That absolutely criminal. Guy absolutely insane that girls sat there, made up a story about man and ruined his life. And you know what the worst thing about it is. You know the worst thing is, I've never done this anybody. I've never done anything like that to anybody. But guess what. These girls here, their names. You can see their names there, guess what. They have Instagram. They sat there, lied about a man, destroyed his life and admit they made it up, literally, put a guy, He could come commit suicide, stuck at his house worried about being accused something he didn't do, and they all have Instagram. And I deleted my Instagram saying, I'm dangerous. Absolutely criminal. You know, I'm gonna speak. I think I have a little bit more authority than you to speak about this as a father of a daughter. So I have a little girl. Everyone knows that, and I am a dad. I believe that this is the way it should work, and I'd be very happy to tell my daughter this. I think that every single crime has to be, well, and and criminals should be punished. Every crime is convicted, especially in English and American law by beyond all reasonable doubt. Did he kill this person, did he speed, did he rape this person beyond all reasonable doubt. And I don't believe that if you come forward fifteen years after, said event happened? Well, whatever it be. Maybe it's a physical assault, maybe it's a punch up, maybe I punch a man, maybe there was a rape fifteen years after the event and say this did happen. I don't believe that you can actually come to a conclusion beyond all reasonable doubt. I am going to tell my daughter. As a father. If anything bad ever happens to you. You don't necessarily have to go to the police and go through a trial and... Maybe you don't want to do that. But when it happens, if it happens go to the medical center and get the fucking evidence documented. Get the fucking evidence documented because if you don't, in fifteen years time there's a chance people won't believe you. And people should be telling their daughter resist, and there should be a baseline for any criminal evidence What's a man's, if I beat a man up in the street right now, and his black ice have faded, and the year is two thousand and forty two, they should not be able to put me in jail for assault because there's reasonable doubt that I did not do that. Evident should... Be collected, and I will be telling my girl that. Now I don't give a fuck I'm telling other what to do. I'm not saying all little girls who who get attacked their parents should say, oh, well, you need to go document the evidence. That's what I'm going to do because I would like to see the the perpetrator of the crime bought to justice beyond all reasonable doubt. So, yeah, it's very, very unfair that with zero evidence is the one crime. No one can go up to the police. No man can go to the police and say, truth to take beat me up since six months ago. Alright. Was your evidence there is no evidence but, you know, no one was around and he beat me up, and I I was bruised to be in my... I have no photos, but Tri did beat me up, and they come to my house and arrest me. There's no other crime like this on the planet. You were completely right. We talking to peers about the weapon. Oh of the me too movement. As as we all say, the the the percentages for Rap should be much harsh. The punishments should be much harsh. But, yeah, you can't let something run wild like it has. The meet the me too movement is very dangerous. Know. Couldn't say down cup tube. Yeah. Cup tube. Right. What We have to talk about London. We just finished in London, we just got back. When I'm in london, I'm pure ghost protocol. Nobody knows I'm there. I don't advertise them there. Don't even see anybody. I I travel the security team of five, And I very rarely leave the shard where I reside because London is stab central. It's it's absolutely crazy. A guy. I think three people got stabbed yesterday trying to prevent Robbery at nine forty five Am. As a guy was welcome to work. They tried to snatch his phone off him. Bystanders sanders can get involved and he pulled the blade attacked everybody. Absolutely crazy. Failed society. And this is what I always tell my viewers. A lot of viewers have messaged me saying Andrew. I'm living in the west and I believe the West is in decline. I believe that men are under attack in the west I believe we don't have a point of view. We're not allowed to speak. We're not allowed to say the truth anymore. I believe Masculine is being destroyed. I believe they're promoting d generous to our children. I believe I need to... And, how do I fight against this. And Say, listen. Most of you can't fight against it. And the best thing you can do is live true to God, live true to yourself, try not to be tolerant of absolute d democracy and and tell the truth and and educate others. But another option is to try and escape to a degree and leave. My favorite place on the planet are the most religious places on the planet. I don't live in Romania at Random. It's the most Christian country on the planet in the last census, ninety nine point nine percent Christian. Another place I absolutely love is Dubai where I was planning a speaking that might be delayed. Now we might be delaying and changing the date. But I love countries that are strictly religious where they will not allow you to have sex with the devil to music video and just report out to the children. They understand that there's certain levels of baseline morality that should be understood and should be with hell upheld. So I believe in super religious countries. I love the idea of living within a religious society. And if you're sitting here at home now and you're living amongst to generous, the best thing you can do is try and find a way to escape. And people often say, oh, I don't have any money. That's why. I wanna make this very clear. That's why the only thing I have ever sold on the Internet is teaching people how to make money. I'm only interested in teaching my fans how to make money because by teaching you guys how to make money. One, I get a richer fan base. I understand something very well and trust me. I just lived through the biggest attack the matrix possibly has. Wars need money. When you're attacked, you need money. If I was a bro, this would all be over for me. They tried to make me a bro. They destroyed everything to took my bank accounts took millions and millions of dollars all these things. They tried to stop me. If all broke, I'd have to shut up. They try and keep you broke on purpose so you're not loud in an opinion because if you an opinion, you can fight back, you can speak up. That's why I say to my fans, you guys are the good people. You're the resistance. You people need to have as much money as possible. That's why I refuse to allow you to get scammed this or I refuse to sell you bullshit. I'm sitting here saying, no. I'm gonna teach you how to make money, and I you to be strong. I want you to be smart physically, financially and mentally. I want you to have every single weapon because you're on my side in the fight. And that also why. They attacked Hustle university. The reason they attacked Hate you. They tried to destroy hate you because they wanted to destroy me, and they knew that I was helping people make money, and they knew that my fans were making money So they wanted to try and destroy all of it. They didn't just attack me. They attacked Health university as a whole. Now most of people who did negative views on the hate you. The matrix agents who were told to do it. Didn't even sign up. We checked the external. We checked internals. They didn't even sign up. They just came and said, don't listen to a human traffic and told lies about product they never even tried and tested. It was truly criminal, but what they don't understand. Is I am absolutely an utterly into fatigue. They think that since I've been canceled, I've just been run around on yachts, so the bunch of beauty queens. I mean, yeah, I did do that, but I never stopped working. They don't understand that my unmatched person cassie a couple with sheer into it makes me a peer opponent in new realm with you an endeavor. I am the man you cannot stop. The reason why they made a mistake by canceling me is because if you canceled anybody else, they would give up. I am the man who does not give up. It doesn't matter if I have to go to Estonia, get a banking license and start my own bank so I can process my own payments. It doesn't matter if Have to get my own servers so I no longer need Amazon. It doesn't matter what I have to do to a state that matrix itself. If I have something to teach, I will teach people. And this is the first time I'm announcing what stage two of the three stage plan is. Stage one with Hustle University. Stage one was allowing people who believe in me and ent me to start making the finances so they can speak loud so they can resist a matrix programming because when we were are broker, you must be a slave. That was stage one, and they attack Tu university and stage two is the math exodus of the real world. Hold on tight. We're about to get rich right here possible The remaining it impossible to not make money being part of a community of student to we help me only there for bumping and. It's will allow me to equip my job is pure freedom. Batteries release on every target you got. Then we have a deal. Yes. That's yeah. Controversial influencer, Andrew Tate has been banned from Facebook and... But I don't think you wanna take advice from someone, who's in the middle of a human trip, investigation, accusations of beating women, criminality, toxicity, psycho. They don't see the full con that he's running. Fuck pyramid miss scheme broke. How will people james? Get I'm bite. He's lying when he offers you that? Oh, you can get too because that's how pyramid schemes work. And that's why I decided to finally cancel my plans to become cash rich. I canceled took my house universe us the subscription, code hot. See how it easy it is to scam on the Internet. This attack is an active. Target remains. I repeat. Target remains. He literally dodged a bullet. He was, you know, we was his dodge and Bullets on every everyday basis. Sometimes traumatized people locked five million Not only have contact with actual multimillion millionaire. Is being part of a community students. It's community people that are there for you. I've made five k this one. That's fucking crazy. Made four okay my last month. We had do thousand fours in two weeks. There fifty me Welcome to the real world. That's what stage two is mass exodus. They tried to destroy me. They thought I would just sit around mop, doing nothing. Not understanding that I am the man that cannot be destroyed. It doesn't matter what you take from me. I'm the kind of guy you can drop in the desert naked by himself. And a week later you're gonna see me driving down the high street in a fucking Lamborghini with your girlfriend. That's exactly who I am. They took my payment processes. They froze all my banks. I got a banking license and started at the bank of Tate. I now processed for myself. I have my own service, my own infrastructure. I can now teach things I could never teach before. House university is now back more powerful than has ever been outside of the matrix that cannot be attacked and cannot be stopped. The real world is here, a mass portal for mass exodus. For all of the fans of mine, all of the people who understand that you were never gonna be able to resist matrix without finance without money. We're living a world now where the energy prices in Europe is gone up six times. We're gonna... We're facing the possibility of World war three, inflation through the roof. They are trying to bankrupt absolutely everybody because when you're bankrupt, you must behave yourself for bread breadcrumbs. That's what they want from you. They want you eating the bugs. They want you at home. Unable to pay your bills afraid to speak up, and I am here to save you eighteen modern wealth creation methods plus new things we could never teach before. Inside of infrastructure, which is exists completely in entirely outside of the matrix, the real world is here. Stage two is the mass exodus. They do not understand that the people who follow in tate. The people who believe in me. The people who follow me on get her follow me on rumble sign up to my e free email list on corporate dot com are gonna be stronger physically and stronger mentally and stronger financially than never before. They cannot stop armies of thousands of young men with strong bodies, strong minds and strong bank accounts. We are the absolute resistance of the matrix. We are what they fear the most. The real world dot ai. This is stage two of a free stage plan. It is truly beautiful, and I wanna assure you all of something. I'm a man of absolute integrity. I'm an individual who's dedicated his life to trying to beat the matrix. I have all the money in the world. I have all the women in the world, all the cars in the world. I could fuck off down a black hole of hedonism today. I could leave all of you drowning and just piss off and be a rich guy and fuck a bunch of women until the day I die, and I don't do that because I believe of a higher purpose and a higher calling from God. And if you also understand that when you were offered a blue pill a red pill, you must have faith in the person who was offered them to you. I am morph. I'm here for no other reason but to get people who are on my side, more influential and powerful than ever before. That is why I'm opening a portal to the real world. It's now or never. Everyone who watches the movie says if I was offered the red pill of the blue pill, I'd take the red pill. I definitely wouldn't take the blue pill. Well, now is your chance. Hold on tight. We're about to get rid. Right here possible remaining impossible to not make money. Being part of a community student help only have for one thing estimate make It's will allow me to equip my job is pure freedom. Batteries release on every target you got Then we have a deal. Yes. That's a. Controversial influencer Andrew Tape has been banned from Facebook and... I don't think you wanna take advice from someone who's in the middle of a human, investigation, accusations of beating, women, criminality, toxicity, psycho. They don't see the full khan that he's running. Fuck pyramid scheme bro. How will people games? Yeah. By. He's lying when he offers you that. Oh, you can get rich too because that's how Pyramid schemes work. And that's why I decided to finally cancel my plans to become cash rich. I canceled my house Universe. Subscription, code hot. See how easy it is to scam on the Internet. This attack is an active distribution. Target remains. I repeat. Target remains. He literally dodged bullet. He was, you know, we was his dodge and Willis on every everyday basis. Sometimes traumatized people lying. Five million not only have contact with actual multimillion million is being part of a community students. It's community people that are there for you. I've made five k this one for one. It's fucking crazy. I made four k last money. There thousand in two weeks at fifteen. Match Allow me to my job